About the job
Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.

What You’ll Do

Work closely with the Capital Markets team to evaluate, structure and price consumer asset-backed transactions
Develop and enhance capital structuring and pricing models tailored to Affirm’s consumer loan portfolio to enable efficient deal execution
Build quantitative models to analyze and predict the performance of Affirm’s consumer loans
Provide insights on capital markets deals to cross-functional teams for more optimal and efficient funding strategy and merchant pricing
Partner cross-functionally with our Capital Markets, Treasury, Merchant Pricing, Credit, Commercial, Product and Engineering teams to evaluate funding, product, and business decisions

What We Look For

4+ years of relevant experience structuring asset-backed transactions, forecasting consumer loan performance, and/or building quantitative models
Experience with industry-standard tools such as Intex/Bloomberg and working with accountants, rating agencies, and internal/external partners
Experience with SQL, Python, or other scripting languages
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, and ability to collaborate and influence across different teams in the organization
A proactive leader that can seek out new opportunities, drive projects, navigate ambiguity and develop creative solutions with minimal guidance
Desire to understand the broader context of business decisions

Pay Grade - CAN29

Employees new to Affirm or promoted into a new role, typically begin in the min to mid range.

CAN Base Pay Range Per Year

Min: $105,300

Mid: $131,600

Max: $157,900

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.

Benefits

We’re extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include:

 Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
 Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses 
 Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge 
 ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount 

We believe It’s On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.

[For U.S. positions that could be performed in Los Angeles or San Francisco] Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, Affirm will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

By clicking "Submit Application," you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
