About the job
Alteryx Developer 
6-Month Contract 
Toronto, ON - Hybrid
Start ASAP

**Key Responsibilities:**

- Develop, test, and deploy Alteryx workflows for data analytics, emphasizing data reconciliation across multiple data sets.
- Collaborate with Operations, Product, payments teams, and implementation partners to understand and meet project requirements.
- Implement development best practices to ensure high-quality and efficient project delivery.
- Work under the Agile methodology to adapt to evolving project needs.
- Thrive in a fast-paced environment, demonstrating multitasking capabilities.

**Key Skills & Experience:**

- Expert level knowledge of Alteryx.
- Proven experience in developing Alteryx workflows for data analytics.
- Hands-on experience using data analytics for reconciling multiple data sets.
- Familiarity with development best practices for efficient and high-quality delivery.
- Previous experience working under the Agile methodology.

**Desired Skills & Experience:**

- Good working knowledge of PowerBI.
- Practical experience creating PowerBI dashboards and visualizations.
- Proficiency in building end-user consumable reports.
- Knowledge of systems orchestration and task automation.
- Familiarity with PowerShell scripting.
About the job
CRM Data Analyst
Calgary or Edmonton, Alberta
 The Opportunity
Based out of Calgary or Edmonton, the CRM Data Analyst will be a core member of the Invest Alberta Corporation (“IAC”) team supporting expansion, management, business development activities and outcomes. You will be responsible for the implementation, optimization, and support of IAC’s Customer Relationship Management (CRM) system. This system is key to tracking and providing metrics for potential clients, contacts, and resources of IAC. 
You are an adaptable, analytical and results focused individual with strong reporting and CRM knowledge. You can manage multiple requests and projects with competing deadlines effectively, and love to answer problems with data. You have strong customer service skills in providing information to stakeholders to help solve business needs. 

Primary duties:
Manage quality and consistency of data, train users, generate reports and input data to support IAC’s initiatives and mandate. 
Implement effective data management practices and identify efficient methods to organize, store, and analyze data.
Work with functional areas within the organization to identify, analyze, structure, prioritize, sequence, and capture significant business process redesign and improvement opportunities.
Develop and continually evolve reporting metrics and dashboards over time to the required standard for monthly Board of Directors reporting. 
Contribute to the development of corporate reports including the annual report and business plan.
Provide timely insights and analytical support to the senior leadership team. 
Spearhead work across all areas and offices to help them maintain timely, accurate, and uniform documentation of all records in the CRM system. 
Assist with administrative duties related to research & business intelligence. 
Mine and clean data in preparation for analysis. 
Continual optimization of the CRM system to enhance usability, advising on best practices, and recommending process improvements to ensure scalability and efficiency. 
Create and maintain user permissions, profiles, data entry standards, and data visibility to ensure compliance with privacy and security requirements. 
Develop, document, test and implement the CRM platform, ensuring the design and functions meet the needs of the organization. 
Demonstrate continuous improvement and critical thinking skills to relentlessly create high quality deliverables. 
Other duties as required. 

Team coordination duties:
Function as a resource to the entire Invest Alberta team.
Develop, maintain, and strengthen professional working relationships across the organization and its partner network.
Work collaboratively with others, forging connections.
Discretely manage confidential information and data – always adhering to privacy and confidentiality.
Actively support the team; working to prevent and solve problems which may arise from working relationships among individuals and/or teams.
Stay current by continuously updating job and industry knowledge – exhibiting a keen desire to self-develop and improve.
Leverage technology to improve organization, communication, and efficiency.
Understand the Company’s business model, how to create value and how change impacts all areas of the organization; be a positive change agent.
Actively build and maintain an inviting company culture.
 Qualifications
A relevant undergraduate degree such as computer science, information management, economics, statistics, finance, math, or other relevant degree; equivalent experience will also be considered. 
Demonstrate technical aptitude and experience supporting web-based applications. 
Skills for both analyzing technical concepts and translating them into business terms and for mapping business requirements into technical features.
Knowledge of software development process and design methodologies.
Must be organized, meticulous and able to perform in a fast-paced environment. 
Excellent oral and written communication skills. 
Project management experience including the ability to juggle competing demands from marketing, internal clients, and management.
Excellent ability to collaborate with all groups in the organization.
Experience using Salesforce CRM system or other CRM system is an asset, as is experience working in a crown corporation or government agency environment. 
Salesforce product certifications are an asset.
 About the Organization 
IAC works directly with investors to attract high-value and high-impact investments to the province. We bring industry, government partners, and economic organizations together to offer seamless services that make it easy for investment to flow into the province. With a strong entrepreneurial culture, we are taking new and innovative approaches to investment attraction.

Our clients come from a wide variety of backgrounds, and so do we. IAC is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace. In recruiting for our team, we welcome the unique contributions that you can bring in terms of your education, culture, gender, race, sexual orientation, religious or ethnic backgrounds or physical abilities.
 How to Apply
Interested in being a part of a dynamic organization that was designed to have a positive impact on Alberta’s future? If you are looking for an exciting and unique opportunity, to make a difference, and make connections while earning a competitive salary with comprehensive benefits, apply by including a cover letter, resume, and salary expectations to hr@investalberta.ca.
 Closing Date: Open until a suitable candidate is found.
Thank you for your interest in IAC.
Only those candidates selected for interviews will be contacted. No phone calls please.
To learn more about IAC & this position please visit: investalberta.ca 
 
About the job
GDG est à la recherche d’un Analyste Power BI afin de participer au soutien et à l’évolution de la solution BI de nos clients. 

Responsabilités
Participer à la création de Workspace
Participer à la création de dataset
Effectuer la gestion de la sécurité dans Power BI
Proposer des orientations, principes et règles pour l’élaboration d’une architecture Power BI
Effectuer la prise en charge des dossiers 


Formation et compétences
Détenir un diplôme d’études collégiales (DEC) et/ou un baccalauréat en informatique ou l’équivalent
Posséder 12 ans d’expérience en tant qu’analyste fonctionnel dans le développement de solutions en intelligence d’affaires 
Démontrer 2 années d’expérience avec un outil de diffusion de données (Power BI ou un outil équivalent) 
Avoir une connaissance de la modélisation dimensionnelle (schéma en étoile) 
Connaître SAP Business Objects (un atout)
Connaître Microsoft Purview (un aout) 

Pourquoi choisir GDG?
Télétravail ou mode hybride
Semaine de 35 heures avec possibilité d’horaire flexible
Salaire concurrentiel
13 jours fériés (congés) et 6 congés de maladie
 Allocation bien-être
Télémédecine et Programme d’aide aux employés
Programme d’assurance collective
REER collectif
Remboursement du transport en commun
Et plus encore…!


Vous êtes intéressés à en connaître davantage? Prenez contact avec notre équipe du recrutement au recrutement@gdginc.com.

Au plaisir de vous rencontrer!
About the job
Power BI Analyst
 Apex Systems is a global IT services provider, and our staffing practice has an opening for a Power BI Analyst with experience with licensing and developing dashboards to place at our client, a Big Five Bank.
 Client: Big Five Bank 
 Terms: 6-month contract. Possibility of extension for another 12 months 
 Location: Hybrid, downtown Toronto, 2 day a week in the office.

Hours: 37.5 hours/week Monday-Friday, 9:00 am - 5:00 pm 
 Application Process: It is best to apply via the medium on which you are seeing this posting. If you encounter technical difficulties submitting your resume, please send a Word version of your resume to dyba@apexsystems.com 
  KEY ACCOUNTABILITIES
  Recognize business requirements in the context of BI and create data models to transform raw data into relevant insights
Using Power BI, create dashboards and interactive visual reports
Define key performance indicators (KPIs) with specific objectives and track them regularly
Analyze data and display it in reports to aid decision-making
Convert business needs into technical specifications and establish a timetable for job completion
Create, test, and deploy Power BI scripts, as well as execute efficient deep analysis
Use Power BI to run DAX queries and functions
Create charts and data documentation with explanations of algorithms, parameters, models, and relationships
Construct a data warehouse
Use SQL queries to get the best results
Make technological adjustments to current BI systems to improve their performance
For a better understanding of the data, use filters and visualizations
Analyze current ETL procedures to define and create new systems
  KEY QUALIFICATIONS
 What we’re looking for:
  3+ years of experience working with Data and Analytics. 
Experience with Power BI, DAX, and Power Query.
Experience working with Power BI licensing models. 
Comfortable and able to give demon and work cross functionally to mentor and train new users.
Has some understanding about Cloud environments, preferably Azure Cloud Services.
Banking experience is an asset.
  This a great opportunity to join a Big Five Bank and continue your career in the financial domain. Be a part of a great work environment with a very well organized team and colleagues who will help you succeed. 
 This is a position that impacts the bank enterprise wide with great opportunity for career growth within the bank. 
 If you are not a 99% match to the above, and want to be considered for other opportunities at our enterprise clients, register for our Talent Network where you can receive job alerts about new opportunities that match your interests. 
 EEO Employer
 Apex is an Equal Employment Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. Apex will consider qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with the requirements of applicable law. If you have visited our website in search of information on employment opportunities or to apply for a position, and you require an accommodation in using our website for a search or application, please contact our Employee Services Department at employeeservices@apexsystemsinc.com or 844-463-6178.
About the job
Title: Bilingual Business Intelligence Analyst
Location: Montreal, Quebec, Canada (Hybrid)
Type: Long Term Contract

Introduction:
Join a rock-solid organization as our client’s next Bilingual Business Intelligence Analyst and sit at the center of projects that drives decisions. You’ll help one of Canada's most trusted consulting organizations work on the latest project, and be rewarded with great opportunities.

Key points/Highlights:
Have at least five (5) active years of experience as a business intelligence analyst;
Have completed at least two (2) mandates over the last five (5) years to set up a business intelligence platform;
Demonstrate experience with cartographic tools and analyses;
Know the languages and technologies: TSQL and DAX;
Have knowledge of Microsoft SQL Server, Azure SQL Database, Azure Data Lake;
Have experience with data modeling tools (Erwin, Power Designer, etc.);
Bilingual with French and English;
Have experience working with agile methods and tools such as Scrum, DevOps.

Job description:
Work closely with various stakeholders to analyze, organize, exploit and present data;
Play an advisory role with business units in the use and understanding of data;
Intervene in two distinct areas: business intelligence and data governance.

We are an equal opportunity employer.

We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other protected characteristics.

Apply now—we look forward to meeting you!!!!
About the job
Magellan Aerospace has an exciting career opportunity for a full-time permanent Statistical Process Control (SPC) Data Analyst at our manufacturing hub in Winnipeg, Manitoba.

Magellan Aerospace is a global, integrated aerospace company that provides complex assemblies and systems solutions to aircraft and engine manufacturers, and defence and space agencies worldwide. At Magellan we have over 80 years of collective knowledge and experience in the aerospace industry, and believe one truth: People create value.

Employees are our greatest resource in working towards a successful future, and together we build professional relationships that thrive. We know that personal development is fundamental to the success of every individual and invest in our employees by providing excellent career progression opportunities. When you are part of Magellan, you are part of the team!

Position Summary

The SPC Data Analyst will provide technical assistance to Manufacturing Engineering Planning and Operations Management in the implementation of SPC at Magellan Aerospace, Winnipeg. Provide process control training and keep process records. Develop and publish an implementation plan, operation procedure and supporting work instruction for SPC in the Operations Division.

Essential Responsibilities

Provide technical assistance and training as required to support the implementation of Statistical Process Control (SPC) to meet customer and internal requirements. 
Develop and deliver training in SPC. 
Provide technical assistance in the implementation and practice of Statistical Process Control. This includes guidance and support in defining data acquisition methods, tools, hardware, and software and data manipulation to provide appropriate outputs. 
Liaise with internal and external customers as required to support the effective implementation and use of variability reduction to support Customer and Magellan requirements. 
Work with ME/QA department to develop and implement spec plans. 
Research and provide proof of concepts for new inspection technologies and how they can be implemented into MAW processes in order to reduce inspection costs. 
Work with the tool and gauge department to ensure compliance to ISO:17025 requirements for tool calibration, communicate and ship tools to external calibration houses for calibration. 
Review and, where necessary, re-write existing operation procedures and work instructions pertaining to SPC. 
Learn SPC concepts and advanced usage of associated software and hardware. 
Promote and support the utilization of SPC data to improve manufacturing processes. 
Provide analysis and support to utilize SPC data to promote cost savings. 
Identify new technologies and data gathering devices to improve Inspection and SPC process. 
Support metrology department primarily in tracking and analyzing data. 

Position Requirements

Graduate of a recognized Engineering Technologist program or relevant University degree or a minimum of five (5) years related experience in a manufacturing environment. 
Minimum of five (5) years of experience in the application of statistical methods in a manufacturing environment. 
Membership in CTTAM or APEGM if applicable. 
Excellent written and oral communication skills; detail oriented; priority setting; result driven; customer service focused. 

Why Magellan?

Competitive salary
Attractive (FLEX) benefits package (fully Company paid)
Generous Company pension plan
Positive work-life balance
Excellent career progression opportunities
Commitment to professional growth
Company social events including Company BBQ, children's events, service awards day, winter holiday party and many other events put together by our social committee!
Employee Social & Welfare Association
Employee discounts on tickets to certain sporting events and other entertainment/events
On-site parking, gym and cafeteria
Employee Assistance Program (EAP)

Confidentiality

Magellan Aerospace respects the privacy and confidentiality of personal information provided by candidates and shall not disclose to any external parties unless legislated.

Thank you for considering this exciting opportunity. This document is intended to provide the reader with information and is not a contractual document. Some of the material therefore may be subject to change.

Magellan Aerospace is committed to an inclusive working environment and equal opportunities for all. We welcome all applications without regard to social and cultural background, age, gender, disability, sexual orientation, national origin or religious belief.
About the job
Eviden is an Atos Group business with an annual revenue of circa € 5 billion and a global leader in data-driven, trusted and sustainable digital transformation. As a next generation digital business with worldwide leading positions in digital, cloud, data, advanced computing and security, it brings deep expertise for all industries in more than 47 countries. By uniting unique high-end technologies across the full digital continuum with 55,000 world-class talents, Eviden expands the possibilities of data and technology, now and for generations to come.

Role Data Business Analyst 

Location Remote, Montreal, canada Hybrid is great, however, remote is okay too

Hire Type Full-Time with Eviden

Salary Range CAD 110K - 120K

Responsibilities

Design, build, deliver and maintain world-class reporting for all areas of the business using Power BI
Participate in business and executive meetings to gather requirements and make


recommendations around reporting / BI solutions

Translates conceptual customer requirements into functional requirements in a clear manner that


is comprehensible to developers, project and analytics teams.

Develop deep understanding of the various business processes, data sets and BI deliverables
Perform data analysis and profiling in huge volume of data
Perform preliminary data validation activities, identify any anomalies, build the summary and


inform the business owner for further data validation

Support SOX validation process through documentation preparation
Use knowledge of the specific data products available and visualization capabilities to enhance


requirements and provide insightful suggestions to business stakeholders

Prioritize work with the team and ensure there is a forward looking roadmap for features to be


delivered on the data products their domain team is tasked with

Assist in the daily support of end-users’ ability to effectively and efficiently utilize the reporting platform


Qualifications

Working knowledge of BI and data warehouse concepts and terminology
Experience building reports in PowerBI, Tableau, Qlik, BOBJ, MSTR or similar platforms
Working experience with Finance modules is an asset
Proven experience with business and technical requirements analysis, modeling, verification, and


methodology development

Proficiency with Microsoft Word, PPT, and Excel
Self-motivated and able to work independently
Capable of prioritizing multiple projects while still achieving deadlines
Excellent written and oral communication skills with an ability to connect the dots and tell stories using data
Detail-oriented person who is passionate about quality and enthusiastic about new technology
Experience in SQL


Let’s grow together.
About the job
Rôle et responsabilités

Sous l’autorité du VP Ventes, le titulaire de ce poste occupe un rôle essentiel au sein de notre entreprise, en contribuant à la collecte, à l’analyse et à la présentation de données critiques pour la prise de décisions stratégiques. Ce professionnel est chargé de transformer des données brutes en informations exploitables, aidant ainsi l’entreprise à comprendre ses performances, à identifier des tendances et à prendre des décisions éclairées. 

Analyste les performances des ventes/marketing par marque, format, bannières, etc.
Maintenir et développer la segmentation des bases de données
Mettre à jour et améliorer les rapports majeurs
Supporter l’équipe des ventes et du marketing pour préparer les indicateurs de performance
Administrer l’application PowerBI et former les nouveaux utilisateurs
Utiliser l’application de plannogramme afin de supporter les ventes.

Expériences et formations requises
Posséder une technique ou un diplôme universitaire
Expérience dans la vente au détail un atout

Compétences à privilégier
Excellente habilité analytique, esprit de synthèse développé, jugement et initiative
Maîtrise avancée d’Excel (Power Query et Power Pivot)
A déjà travailler avec un système ERP, un CRM et un BI
Connaissance de base du langage SQL, un atout
Excellentes compétences en communication et en présentation
Compréhension des principes de la visualisation de données
Capacité à travailler de manière autonome et à gérer plusieurs projets simultanément. 
Bilingue fonctionnel
About the job
Environmental Business Analyst (20 months Term)
Division: Science & Licensing
Location: Regina, Saskatchewan
Salary: $32.88 - $41.13 (Classification 8)
Competition Number: WSA-80-2023/24

Water Security Agency is looking for an enthusiastic individual to join our Informatics unit as an Environmental Business Analyst in our Regina location.

Reporting to the Supervisor, Environmental Business Systems, an employee in this job will provide data management services to support the delivery of Water Security Agency's (WSA) drinking water and wastewater quality vision and the Ministry of Environment’s Environmental Protection Branch’s goals. 

Work is undertaken in a team environment collecting, manipulating, managing and reporting on water quality data as it pertains to drinking water, wastewater, surface water and groundwater. This employee will collaborate with Ministry of Environment to fulfill their solid waste and storage facilities data requirements. This employee will be responsible to undertake routine to moderately complex projects or assignments.

The successful candidate will have a Degree in the natural or physical sciences or an equivalent combination of related experience and education and 3 years’ experience with knowledge of general water chemistry, in relation to drinking water, water treatment and wastewater.
If you have specific questions regarding this position, feel free to reach out to hr@wsask.ca and the recruitment team would be happy to discuss the opportunity further.

To apply, please submit a cover letter, quoting the competition number WSA-80-2023/24 and a detailed resume by 5:00pm on February 7, 2024 and send it to hr@wsask.ca

We offer rewarding career opportunities, competitive salaries and a comprehensive benefits package. To learn more about the work we do, visit wsask.ca.

We would like to thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted.

This role is subject to a satisfactory criminal record check.
About the job
Matchbox Consulting Group is seeking a Data Analyst to work on a 1 year contract with very high potential of renewal, for one of BC's largest utility and energy companies! 
This individual will analyze large datasets using advanced skills in MS Excel or data analysis software to support strategic decision-making. They will maintain data quality by verifying, validating, and filtering data, optimize reporting processes through the development and maintenance of efficient database systems, and deliver relevant reports with findings and options to support management in achieving results within specified parameters.

Responsibilities: 
Analyze large sets of data by applying qualitative or quantitative techniques using advanced skills in MS Excel or a data analysis software, to support strategic decision-making
Maintain clean data by verifying, validating, and filtering data if needed, to meet data quality requirements
Optimize the reporting process by developing, implementing, and maintaining database systems that effectively manage information
Provide relevant reports to acquiring manager by researching, developing, and presenting findings and possible options to support management in delivering results within scope, time and budget

Requirements: 
Bachelor’s degree in Business, Statistics, Economics, or related discipline
A minimum three (3) years of directly related work experience or equivalent.
Experience working with Data systems such as SAP 
Experience working with Data analytics, tools such as Tableau or PowerBI
Strong coordination & communication skills 

Nice to haves: 
Experience working with health & safety data and reporting 
Experience working in large organizations
  For more current job opportunities, Follow MatchBox at linkedin.com/company/matchbox-recruitment/
 _________________________
 About MatchBox
Headquartered in downtown Vancouver and serving clients nationally, MatchBox is one of the leading recruitment and solutions firms that specializes in the fields of IT & Technology, Engineering & Technical, Real Estate & Construction, and Accounting & Finance. We offer unrivaled expertise with our team's extensive experience in the recruitment and professional services industry. We are dedicated to building great connections and creating strong opportunities within the workforce and the labor market.
 Equal Opportunities
MatchBox is committed to providing equal opportunities for all applicants. We welcome and encourage applications from people of all backgrounds, including members of minority groups such as racialized individuals, people with disabilities, LGBTQ+ individuals, and Indigenous peoples. It is a priority for us that all candidates are treated fairly and without discrimination. Our recruitment teams receive ongoing training on using objective criteria for evaluating candidates and other related topics to create an inclusive and welcoming environment for all.
 Work Permits
Please note that we require all interested candidates to obtain the necessary work permits from the Government of Canada prior to submitting an application. This position is open exclusively to individuals residing in Canada and legally authorized to work in Canada. Applications not meeting these criteria will not be considered.
 Further Consideration
We receive a high volume of applications and are only able to contact candidates who are selected for further consideration.
 Find out more at www.matchboxhr.com
About the job
Reports to: National Director, Insights and Performance
Language Requirement: Bilingual (English and French) – Asset
Employment: Permanent, Full-time 
Hiring Salary Range: $73,000 to $90,000, commensurate with experience
Location: Ottawa (preferred)
Posting Date: January 31, 2024
Reply Deadline: February 19, 2024
Start Date: March 2024
Reply to: recruitment@E2Rsolutions.com

Opportunity  
United Way Centraide (UWC) is Canada’s leading network of local community builders empowering people to make lasting social change in their communities. With a presence across Canada, serving over 5000 communities, our network of local United Ways and Centraides tackle the most important social issue of poverty and social exclusion. Our vision is that everyone in every community has the opportunity to reach their full potential. United Way Centraide Canada (UWCC) is the national office that provides leadership and services to UWC members across the country. 

Profile
UWCC data and insight program is an integral part of a broader strategy to position the UWC network for long-term growth and impact.

The data and insights program is a strategic link between operations and business units with a mandate to advance UWCC’s strategic priorities including network wide strategic alignment, interoperability and performance.

Reporting to the National Director of Insights and Performance, the Business Intelligence Analyst will contribute to the development of UWCC’s data insight strategy and maturity roadmap and will support their implementations in the following areas:
Advanced business analytics – Proactive critical analysis of internal and external data sources, their utilization, and identification of opportunities for further insights to support business priorities and decisions.
Empowered self-serve delivery models – Implementation of a “self-serve" principle into existing and new data insight products and services including capacity-building to support change management and enhance adoption.
Data infrastructure, governance, and management - Enhancement of data flow processes, introduction and management of a data governance program.

The successful candidate for this position will have a solid understanding of data analysis, is comfortable working collaboratively in a dynamic and multi-stakeholder environment and has strong curiosity and passion to learn about emerging trends and needs in the community services sectors.

Responsibilities
ADVANCED BUSINESS ANALYTICS 
Work cross-functionally to identify business problems and requirements and collect, clean, manage, and analyze available and related data to advance UWCC’s work using meaningful insights.
Responding to data insight needs, analyze (mine) and interpret internal and secondary data sources, identify trends, patterns, and anomalies, providing insights based on analysis in easy-to-understand formats and reports.
Organizing and presenting data to tell a cohesive story in support of leadership decisions and advancing organizational strategies through prioritizing key data sources, conducting analysis, and identifying key performance indicators.
Provide on-demand analysis for integration into projects across business lines.

EMPOWERED SELF-SERVE DELIVERY MODELS
Ensure business and end users engagement on current state analysis, requirements gathering and backlog prioritization, user acceptance testing, and training on all data insight products.
Design, develop, disseminate, and maintain business intelligence solutions and dashboards to empower teams across the organization with accessible opportunities to explore data, uncover new insights, and take action.
Provide leadership and support in design and execution of training and information sessions within UWCC and across the UWC network on relevant data, insight, and information management practices and products.

DATA INFRASTRUCTURE, GOVERNANCE & MANAGEMENT 
Work with IT and Operations team to improve data management capabilities through data mapping and modelling, identifying data anomalies, ensuring proper data hygiene, and keeping up to date on leading data management practices.

Qualifications
Minimum 3 years’ experience in data analytics and reporting with working knowledge of business intelligence applications.
Post-secondary degree in a relevant field – i.e., Business, Economics, Statistics, Mathematics.
Competent in data analytics techniques – i.e., A/B testing, regression, trend analysis, projections.
Good level of competence with analytics tools such as SPSS, Minitab, R. 
Intermediate understanding of programming languages such as Python, Perl, etc. with the view to processing datasets and automating data analysis, as well as experience with scripting and working with SQL databases.
Advanced knowledge of Excel: data summarizing, statistical functions, optimization.
Solid understanding of data visualization and comfortable working with data visualization tools such as Tableau, PowerBI, Klipfolio. –Programming skills in JavaScript / JQuery/ PHP will be considered an asset.
Solid understanding of business intelligence with strong curiosity and eagerness to develop a deep understanding of the business, learn new skills, and technologies.
Excellent communications skills, enjoys presenting data and complex analyses into stories understood by technical and non-technical stakeholders. 
Strong ability to work with non-technical business partners to gather requirements and plan out data products.
Thrives in teams and can work under dynamic conditions and within deadlines.
Experience working in philanthropy and/or community and social services is an asset.

Location
United Way Centraide’s national office is located in Ottawa, Ontario. The office is an open-space environment and at times, employees work from remote locations. We currently work in a hybrid-remote model. 
 There is a strong preference for the successful candidate to be located in Ottawa but the opportunity is open to individuals across the country.
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion
 United Way Centraide Canada hires based on merit and is strongly committed to diversity and equity within its community and to providing a welcoming and inclusive workplace. It especially welcomes applications from Black, Indigenous and People of Colour, women, persons with disabilities, people of all sexual orientations and genders, and others with the skills and knowledge to productively engage with diverse communities.

How to apply
Please send your cover letter along with your resume in confidence to: recruitment@E2Rsolutions.com.
We thank everyone for applying; however, only qualified candidates will be contacted.

Pour une copie du poste en français, veuillez consulter notre site web au https://www.centraide.ca/careers/
About the job
BC Public School Employers’ Association

Data Analyst
The BC Public School Employers’ Association is looking to hire a Data Analyst to coordinate the collection, analysis, and reporting of information at BCPSEA to support informed decision-making within the K-12 public education system.

Working under the direction of the Manager, Information and Data, the primary responsibility of the Data Analyst position will be to oversee the quarterly collection of human resources information from school districts as part of the Employment Data and Analysis System (EDAS) and prepare reports using this information to inform decision-making by BCPSEA and other stakeholders. The Data Analyst will also support the collection, analysis, and reporting of information for other BCPSEA functional areas on an as-needed basis, including for exempt compensation, finance, and recruitment.

Education and Experience
The Data Analyst must have a college diploma or university degree in data management or a related field and possess strong technical skills, including proficiency with databases (Oracle), data analytics (PowerBI), and spreadsheet software (Excel).

Demonstrated expertise and experience in performing data analysis in a labour relations setting is preferred, as is familiarity with human resources information systems, such as Cayenta, PowerSchool, and PeopleSoft.

Experience in the K-12 public education sector and/or public sector is an asset.

Competitive Compensation and Benefits
The expected starting salary range for this position is $75,602 – $82,273. We offer a competitive benefits package, including extended health, dental and a $2,000 annual Health and Wellness allowance, as well as pension with the Municipal Pension Plan.

Hybrid Structure
BCPSEA is a collegial, hybrid work environment with a combination of optional remote work and in-office work for team-building, training, and as required.

Training
We offer staff regular training and support professional development opportunities. As part of our ongoing commitment to foster a safe and inclusive workplace, all staff will be provided with: Reconciliation; Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion; and Respect in the Workplace training as part of their onboarding with us.

Reconciliation
The BCPSEA office is located at 300 – 2889 East 12th Avenue in Vancouver on the traditional and unceded territory of the xʷməθkʷəy̓ əm (Musqueam), Skwxwú7mesh (Squamish), and səlilwətaɬ (Tsleil-Waututh) peoples. Our work spans across the Province of BC, which is home to thousands of Inuit, Métis, and First Nations peoples across British Columbia, each with unique traditions, history, and culture. We are committed to Reconciliation and to strong Indigenous partnerships and relationships.

Applicants
We invite qualified individuals to apply online on Make a Future at https://bit.ly/4bkl25b with a cover letter and résumé by Friday, March 1, 2024. For questions about this role, please email Chris Beneteau, Executive Director, Employee Relations and Sector Initiatives at chrisb@bcpsea.bc.ca.

We are an inclusive and accessible employer. Equity, Diversity, Inclusion and Reconciliation are embedded in our organizational goals. We encourage applications from all qualified individuals, including Indigenous, Black, people of colour, all genders, 2SLGBTQ+, and persons with disabilities.

Accommodations are available for interviews and in the workplace. If selected for an interview, we will provide you with information on how to request accommodations.

Who are we?
BC Public School Employers’ Association provides trusted sectoral leadership in labour relations and human resources within BC's public education school sector. Through our services, support, advice, and professional learning offerings we work together with school districts, government, partners, and stakeholders to ensure the success of the public education system.
About the job
Myticas Consulting's GTA client is looking for a BI/SQL Analyst for a 4-6 month REMOTE contract.

The BI Analyst will be to support the IT team in developing, migrating, and upgrading the existing Business Intelligence suite to integrate with the new ERP system (Business Central).

Experience:
Experience in developing, implementing, and optimizing SQL queries
Experience using Microsoft Dynamics Navision, or Microsoft Dynamics Business Central preferred.
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills
Ability to work independently and efficiently with minimal supervision in a fast-paced environment.
Demonstrated sense of urgency
Strong analytical, organization and problem-solving skills
Continuous improvement and customer-centric mindset
Good financial and business awareness
Strong written, verbal skills, and presentation skills
NICE TO HAVE -Power BI experience
About the job
It’s an exciting time to be at OSL Retail Services, working for a people focused company that’s at the top of its game. The momentum we’ve generated in recent years with our commitments to client customers, innovation, business results, and an entrepreneurial spirit has created energy, enthusiasm, and engagement among our employees that is pushing us to new heights. And we’re on the lookout for talented people who share our vision and values and want to join us in this journey. At OSL, our culture is our foundation. Passionate employees, great customer service and long-term relationships are all built upon that foundation. We value people, passion, honesty, respect, and integrity.

Position Overview:
We are seeking a highly skilled Business Intelligence Analyst to boost our analytical maturity in the dynamic and fast-paced Fashion and Retail industry. The ideal candidate will provide business analytics services such as business intelligence, market and customer research and analysis, and dashboards and scorecard creation to business units and executives. As the BI Analyst, you will play a pivotal role in supporting business leaders with information that leads to measurable business outcomes, optimized processes, and fostering a culture of data-driven decision-making working with renowned brands like Reebok, Ted Baker, Brooks Brothers, and Lucky Brands.

Key Responsibilities:
Data Insights and Reporting: Coordinates with knowledge workers to understand their information needs and identify ways to visualize and present information in a user-friendly manner.
Business Domain Knowledge: Understands the decision-making process, workflows, and business and information needs of business unit heads and service manager/owners, and translate those needs into analytics/reporting requirements to support executive decisions and workflows with required information.
Ad Hoc Information Requests: Deliver insights and thought partnership on an ad hoc basis to support key business events like stocking new store openings, new product launches, buying strategy, and forecasting.
Cross-Functional Collaboration: Collaborate with cross-functional teams including Marketing, Merchandising, Ecommerce, Operations, and Finance to understand business needs, provide insights, and recommend data-driven solutions. Translate complex analytics concepts into actionable insights for non-technical stakeholders. Acts as a go-to-person for end users to interpret and use information
Advanced Analytics: Proactively mine data warehouse to identify trends and patterns and generate insights for business units and senior leadership.
Technology and Tools: Stay updated on the latest analytics tools and technologies. A thorough understanding of the OSL analytics platform is required to ensure data accuracy, security, and scalability. Interacts with Information Architects to understand how information is stored, modeled, and tagged.

Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree, or equivalent, in a relevant field (e.g., data analytics, data science, computer science, management information systems, finance, statistics, or related fields).
Proven experience (5+ years) as a data analyst, business intelligence analyst, market research analyst, financial analyst, statistician, or equivalent roles in the Retail and Fashion industry
Solid understanding of retail and fashion-specific KPIs, metrics, and operational processes.
Strong expertise in data analysis, statistical modeling, and data visualization tools e.g., Python, R, SQL, Tableau, Power BI, Domo, KNIME
Excellent communication and stakeholder management skills, with the ability to convey complex technical concepts to non-technical audiences.
Familiarity with machine learning techniques and their applications in retail analytics is an asset.
Strong strategic thinking and problem-solving skills, with a demonstrated ability to identify business opportunities from data insights.

If you are a forward-thinking data professional with a passion for leveraging data to drive growth and innovation in the Fashion and Retail industry, we encourage you to apply. Join us in shaping the future of our company through data-driven decision-making.

What’s in it for you:
Competitive base salary plus bonuses and other perks
Vacation plus additional flex days
Comprehensive benefits
Training and development opportunities to grow your career with one of Canada’s Best Managed Companies
A supportive workplace culture and work environment


If this sounds like you and you’re excited to be a member of our team, please apply now.

We thank all interested applicants; however, only qualified candidates will be contacted. This position requires the successful completion of a criminal background check.

Disclaimer: The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this job. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job.

OSL is committed to an inclusive workplace that does not discriminate against race, nationality, religion, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender, or gender identity. We believe in diversity and encourage any qualified individual to apply. We are an EEOC Employer.
About the job
OSL is a family of passionate and enthusiastic movers and shakers, over 5000 strong. We’re always on the lookout for awesome individuals to join our growing team. We are great people doing greater things, every day. Our promise is to help organizations drive sales through engagement by combining technology, process, and passion to create engaging experiences that drive consumer purchase decisions. WE REINVENT THE CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE. We connect people to brands through superior sales and customer service. Some of the largest retailers and brands on the planet hire us to deliver solutions to customers, not sales pitches.


The Position:
The Business Intelligence Analyst is a skilled analytical professional who has significant hands-on experience with analysis and reporting as they relate to the sales and marketing productivity in a large organization. As an Analyst, they will be responsible to create and develop metrics, see opportunities in the business and help shape the vision for reporting and analysis at OSL in support of client Samsung, Canada. 

Contract: 12 months. 

What you’re responsible for:
Responsible for creating and managing Power BI tools and has a thorough understanding of the BI system
Primary responsibility is to transform raw data into relevant insights via interactive and simple-to-understand dashboards and reports
Use Power BI to run DAX queries and functions. Create, test, and deploy Power BI scripts
Assimilate data from multi-dimensional databases to build weekly intelligence reports
Support the team with mining data, producing reports, dashboards and maintaining CMS
Assist in identifying opportunities in the business and works to produce impactful analysis
Examine reporting relationships to increase end-user productivity, availability and accuracy
Assist with the compilation and distribution of key financial and management reports
Liaise with internal and external clients on reporting needs to find effective solutions
Assist with new project opportunities to identify reporting and data system requirements
Utilize machine learning techniques and statistical analysis to identify opportunities

To be successful:
Proven working experience as a data analyst or business data analyst, writing Executive Level business intelligence reports
Technical expertise regarding data models, dashboard design development, data mining and segmentation techniques
Strong knowledge of and experience with reporting packages, databases (SQL, Power BI, MS Access etc) programming (Python, R, PHP, VBA and Java Script etc.)
Knowledge of statistics and techniques using statistical packages for analyzing datasets (ANOVA, f/t-Test, Pivot Tables, Power Query etc)
Knowledge of SaaS applications, SharePoint, MS Teams, CMS
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Adept at queries, report writing, data visualization and presenting findings using MS PowerPoint
BS in Economics, Computer Information Management, Statistics or IIBA Certified, Business Analysis Professional (CBAP) or related, an asset

To join our team:
Minimum five (5) years proven working experience in a reporting and analytics function
A Bachelor’s Degree in a related field such as business administration
Must possess the ability to proactively build strong relationships within a diverse organization
Must possess exceptional attention to detail and the ability to manage multiple on-going priorities
Superior organizational and planning skills are required
Excellent communication skills, both written and oral in English

What we offer:
A competitive base salary plus bonuses and other perks
Training and development opportunities to grow your career with one of Canada’s Best Managed Companies
A supportive workplace culture and work environment 
 
Disclaimer: The preceding job description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees within this job. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job. 

OSL is committed to an inclusive workplace that does not discriminate against race, nationality, religion, age, marital status, physical or mental disability, sexual orientation, gender, or gender identity. We believe in diversity and encourage any qualified individual to apply.
About the job
Job Title: Business Intelligence Analyst

Location:
The successful candidate must reside in Edmonton, Alberta

Company Overview:
Our client, a leading wholesale distribution company specializing in B2B tire sales, has experienced remarkable growth since its establishment 8 years ago. Headquartered in Edmonton, Alberta, the company is committed to delivering high-quality products and services to its diverse client base. As part of their continued expansion, we are seeking a talented and experienced Business Intelligence Analyst to join their dynamic team.

Position Overview:
The Business Intelligence Analyst will play a pivotal role in leveraging data to drive strategic business decisions for our client. The ideal candidate will possess a strong proficiency in Power BI, SQL, and Excel, demonstrating the ability to transform raw data into actionable insights. This role requires someone with previous experience in a similar business model within the wholesale distribution industry.

Key Responsibilities:
1. Data Analysis and Reporting:
- Extract, clean, and analyze data from the ERP system to generate insightful reports and dashboards using Power BI.
- Develop and maintain comprehensive and visually appealing reports for the business, highlighting key performance indicators (KPIs) and business trends.

2. SQL Expertise:
- Utilize SQL to query databases, conduct data validation, and perform data transformations to ensure accuracy and reliability of reports.

3. Excel Proficiency:
- Leverage advanced Excel functionalities for data analysis, modeling, and visualization to complement Power BI reporting.

4. Business Analysis and Requirements Gathering:
- Collaborate with stakeholders to understand business needs and gather requirements for reporting and analytics solutions.
- Conduct business analysis to identify opportunities for process improvement and efficiency.

5. Business Decision Support:
- Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand business requirements and provide data-driven insights to guide decision-making processes.
- Identify opportunities for improvement and efficiency through data analysis, contributing to overall business growth.

6. Experience in Wholesale Distribution:
- Leverage previous experience in a similar business model within the wholesale distribution sector to understand industry-specific challenges and opportunities.

7. Data Governance and Quality:
- Implement and maintain data governance practices to ensure data integrity, accuracy, and security.
- Conduct regular audits to validate the quality of data and recommend improvements as needed.

Qualifications:
- Bachelor's degree in Business, Computer Science, Statistics, or a related field.
- Proven experience as a Business Intelligence Analyst, preferably in the wholesale distribution industry.
- Proficiency in Power BI, SQL, Excel, and business analysis is essential.
- Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
- Excellent communication skills to effectively convey insights and recommendations to non-technical stakeholders.
- Detail-oriented with a focus on data accuracy and completeness.
About the job
**This is an opportunity to work for a remote-first company. Preference given to residents of British Columbia but we will accept applicants from across the country. Must be legally eligible to work in Canada.**

You:
Love to deliver impactful player experiences
Enjoy respectful debates, even with your leaders
See the value in every player
Understand that you win and lose as a team
Enjoy digging deep into datasets to uncover insights
Revel in solving tough, non-trivial problems
Are interested in games and player behavior

We Believe In:
Autonomy and the freedom to express your ideas
The power of small teams
Building meaningful connections through lasting social games
Making mistakes, embracing our failures, and learning from them
Transparency fostered by communication and collaboration

Our Values:
Driven by PLAYER OBSESSION, we look to craft unparalleled gaming experiences.
OWNERSHIP is our compass, propelling us to deliver exceptional results.
With a spirit of RESOURCEFULNESS, we fearlessly tackle challenges and defy limitations.
Driven by the ethos of CONTINUOUS IMPROVEMENT, we foster a culture of perpetual learning and growth.

The Opportunity: 
Kano is seeking a Senior Data Analyst to help us create meaningful connections through lasting social games. To reach our goals, we need to understand what our players want and ensure that our products and games deliver that experience.

We are looking for someone experienced and hungry to deliver product impact through data-informed insights. 

Responsibilities
Create and operate tools and systems that facilitate data-driven decision-making
Coordinate automation of tracking and reporting in cooperation with our developers
Collaborate with various members of product, marketing and customer service teams
Prototype new ways to visualize and understand data relationships in interactive dashboards
Develop and validate predictive models to solve problems, balance and tune game economies
Uncover consumer insights that inform targeting and segmentation
Define and report on KPI’s of products to improve core game metrics
Continuously improve, maintain, and develop our analytics tools for our games

Requirements
5+ years of work experience in a data analyst or analytics role
A bachelor's degree in mathematics, statistics, computer science, economics, data science or a related field
Proficient in programming languages used for data analysis, such as Python, R, and SQL
Experience in building and reporting solutions using BI tools like AWS QuickSight, Tableau, R Shiny
 Experience using cloud services like AWS, GCP, Azure
Strong experience in data mining and ETL
Experience in data accuracy, data validation and forecasting
Soft Skills:
Strong written and oral communication skills
Ability to show resourcefulness and ownership of our games reporting and analysis systems.
Analytical mind with strong problem-solving skills

Nice To Have
Experience using AWS Quicksight, R Shiny and R Studio
Experience with AWS services such as S3, Athena, Lambda, Glue,Crawler and Data Catalog
Experience with Spark- PySpark or Scala
Experience with web/digital analytics metrics
Experience building ETL (Extraction Transform Load) or ELT (Extraction Load Transform) pipelines from scratch
Experience with raw clickstream data (telemetry event data)
Industry data experience in games - mobile, desktop

Salary Range
$75,000 - $110,000 / year

What we offer
Competitive wages determined by market research 
Uncapped profit share program
Health, dental and vision benefits 
3 weeks vacation to start
Paid holiday shutdown in December
12 paid Care Days per year
Yearly Continuous Improvement allowance 
A results-driven company with a compassionate culture
Opportunity to work on game projects that are enjoyed by millions of players worldwide!
Ability to make a difference. Have an idea? Talk directly with leadership about it instead of running through layers of bureaucracy
 
About Kano
Bootstrapped in 2008, we have been a profitable and growing game studio for over a decade. With hits like Free Rider HD and Mob Wars LCN (Top 100 grossing app on Facebook), and our recently released Idle Distiller, we hope to contribute to the world by connecting people through play.

Canadian owned and headquartered in beautiful Victoria, BC, we believe in giving small teams of talented people challenging problems and getting out of their way. That’s why we look for the best and brightest to join our team; people who have talent, vision, and commitment.

2023 Great Place to Work Certified™
2022 Best Workplace™ for Mental Wellness
2022 Best Workplace™ in Canada - Less than 50 employees
2022 Best Workplace™ in British Columbia
2021 Best Workplace™ in British Columbia
2020 Best Workplaces™ in Canada – Less than 100 employees
2020 Best Workplaces™ for Inclusion
2020 Best Workplaces™ for Mental Wellness
2020 Best Workplaces™ in British Columbia
2019 Great Place to Work - British Columbia
2019 VIATEC Employer of the Year - Finalist
2018 VIATEC Company of the Year (11-49 Employees) - Winner
2018 VIATEC Employer of the Year - Finalist
2017 VIATEC Company of the Year (11-49 employees) - Finalist
2014 VIATEC Employer of the Year - Winner

 *Kano is an equal opportunity employer and considers qualified applicants without regard to race, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, national origin, age, disability, medical condition, religion, marital status or veteran status, or any other basis protected by law*
About the job
Vous souhaitez vous épanouir dans un environnement de travail stimulant ? Joignez-vous au leader en transformation numérique et boostez votre carrière chez Levio. Nous vous proposons une opportunité unique de développer votre savoir-faire au sein d’une équipe de haut calibre. 
La variété des défis proposés par nos clients vous donnera l’occasion de vous dépasser et de maintenir votre expertise au top. Partagez le quotidien de nos clients et soyez un acteur important dans les projets les plus ambitieux en matière de technologies et de solutions logicielles. 
DESCRIPTION DU POSTE : 
Nous sommes à la recherche de plusieurs Analyste BI pour différents projets d'envergure. 
RÔLE ET RESPONSABILITÉS : 
Agir comme expert-conseil auprès des différentes unités d’affaires dans l’analyse, la compréhension, la définition et l’organisation de leurs besoins informationnels et analytiques;
Réaliser des analyses complexes de données en réponse aux besoins informationnels exprimés par les unités d’affaires;
Participer à l’élaboration des indicateurs de performance permettant de mesurer l’efficacité des activités;
Assurer le suivi et le soutien fonctionnel des « utilisateurs clés » des solutions en intelligence d’affaires livrées et des outils d'analyse;
Animer des groupes de discussions de la communauté de pratique d’intelligence d’affaires;
Assurer le fonctionnement du processus de gestion des requêtes informationnelles;
Supporter le groupe TI dans l’élaboration, la réalisation et l’implantation de nouvelles solutions d’intelligence d’affaires ainsi que dans le développement de nouveaux objets informationnels;
Assurer une vigie dans le domaine de l'intelligence d'affaires, notamment au niveau des outils technologiques, des métadonnées et de la documentation;
Appuyer l’organisation dans toutes autres tâches connexes relatives à son expertise.
QUALIFICATIONS ET EXPÉRIENCE : 
Baccalauréat en informatique, en administration des affaires, en mathématiques ou dans une discipline appropriée avec un programme en intelligence d’affaires, en sciences des données ou l’équivalent;
Démontrer une maîtrise évidente à l’utilisation avancée d’Excel (tables pivots, macros, PowerQuery, PowerPivot), d’outils de visualisation (Ex : Tableau, Power BI, Qlik) et d’outils de modélisation statistique (Ex : SAS, SPSS, R);
Cinq (5) années d'expérience pertinente selon la pratique;
Toute autre combinaison de formation et d’expérience jugée équivalente sera considérée.
APTITUDES ET HABILETÉS:
Esprit d’analyse poussé, curiosité intellectuelle et capacité à explorer et interpréter les données;
Polyvalence, débrouillardise et autonomie;
Excellentes habiletés relationnelles et de communication;
Habiletés en gestion du changement et capacité d’adaptation;
Être proactif et innovateur;
Posséder des connaissances des données structurées telles que les entités, les classes, les hiérarchies, les relations et les métadonnées;
Posséder des connaissances en écosystèmes physiques et logiques des systèmes de gestion de bases de données (SGBD) et maîtriser les outils reliés aux bases de données (Ex : SQL, SSIS).
AVANTAGES SOCIAUX : 
Levio offre plusieurs avantages dans le but d’offrir la plus grande flexibilité possible à ses employés! En plus d’offrir un environnement de travail stimulant et dynamique, nous offrons entre autres : 
Des assurances collectives 
Un fond de pension 
Une allocation pour le développement professionnel de 2500$ 
Le transport en commun ou le stationnement est payé 
Des primes au référencement 
Un club social actif 
Statut du poste : Temps plein, 37,5h/semaine 
Levio souscrit au principe d'équité en emploi et applique un programme d'accès à l'égalité en emploi pour les femmes, les autochtones, les minorités visibles, les minorités ethniques et les personnes handicapées. 
Le genre masculin est utilisé sans aucune discrimination et dans le seul but d’alléger le présent texte.
About the job
The Opportunity 
Andersen LLP is looking for a full-time Senior Data Analyst to join our Vancouver office. Reporting directly to the Director, Operations, and working closely with our IT Coordinator, the successful candidate will develop, implement, and manage data analysis processes to provide actionable insights for strategic decision-making. The Senior Data Analyst will also collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand business requirements, identify key performance indicators, and contribute to the development of data-driven solutions. 

Who We Are 
Andersen LLP is a member of Andersen Global, specializing in US and Canadian cross-border tax services with head offices in Vancouver, BC and Calgary, AB. Best-in-class service, stewardship, independence, seamlessness, and transparency – these are the five core values that guide the talented employees at Andersen LLP. We are committed to hiring highly motivated individuals who desire to enhance their career and make a distinct impact. We aim to be the benchmark for quality in our industry and serve as the standard by which other firms are measured. 

Andersen LLP offers a rewarding career path for exceptional individuals. We foster an environment based on learning and allow our employees to grow through hands-on work experience. We offer a comprehensive benefits package and educational career training to enhance our employees’ professional development goals. 

Responsibilities 
The Senior Data Analyst will be responsible to support the business objectives of the firm as follows: 
Plan, prioritize and complete multiple concurrent tasks in an environment of changing deadlines, priorities and requirements 
Responsible for Zoho CRM design, support, administration 
Create complex reports using Power BI using various sources such as SQL 
Translate technical terms and requirements for non-technical people 
Serve as technical SME for company apps and data 
Lead IT projects to completion 
Run SQL queries 
Contribute to the strategy for implementing new technologies 
Provide expert technical leadership for the development of Zoho CRM and Zoho One Apps 
Support Staff with hardware/software issues 
Assist the company with improving automation, processes and efficiencies using various tools like Power Automate, scripts, or other tools 
Other related duties as assigned 

Required Skills  
Hands-on SQL experience / SQL queries 
Web development experience 
Microsoft 365/Azure administration experience 
Power BI experience 
Python, PowerShell, or other program language experience 
MS Windows, MS Office, and Hardware troubleshooting 
SharePoint Online, Azure, Entra ID, Teams, Windows 10/11 
Zoho CRM and Zoho One Apps 
Power Automate experience and other MS 365 automation tools 

Qualifications and Experience 
Bachelor’s degree or Diploma in Computer Science/Information Systems or equivalent experience 
Minimum 2 years’ experience in SQL database administration, software/web development 
Strong ability to multi-task, prioritize, and effective time management 
Excellent analytical, mathematical, and creative problem-solving skills. 
Superior verbal and written communication skills paired with the ability to actively listen 
Demonstrated high-level analytical skills with an ability to identify issues and initiate their resolution 
3+ years’ experience in SQL database programming/administration, CRM development/administration (preferably Zoho), web programming experience, Microsoft Azure, supporting Microsoft Windows and hardware /software support 

We Offer: 
Competitive salary 
Comprehensive benefits package including medical, paramedical, vision, dental, and a supportive Employee Assistance Program 
Educational career training to enhance professional development goals 
A hybrid workplace that is flexible and offers remote working arrangements, including our Work from Anywhere Program 
Healthcare and Lifestyle Spending accounts 
Regular team building and social events 
Financial and professional support for development and education 
 To Apply 
Please send your resume with a cover letter, including salary expectations by February 16, 2024, to people.west@ca.Andersen.com 
 Due to the high volume of applicants expected, we are only able to contact those proceeding to the candidate stage. Thank you for your interest in joining our team! 
 
About the job
Senior Insights Analyst
6-month Contract
Hybrid(3 onsite days per week)
Vancouver, B.C. 
 
About the team
The Product Insight team is the intersection of product design and supply chain technology for our top retail client. This group has a strong focus on data and analytics with a goal to improve product sustainability and customer experience. This group gives leadership insight to further create incredible products and experiences for their customers world wide.
 
Day in the Life
Supports end to end strategy and delivery for the client's Product Voice of Guest program specific to guest fit/sizing capturing feedback across all internal and external channels and creating valuable insights to inform all areas of the business
Produce executive-level reporting gleaning insights and telling a compelling post-launch product story through data that fits the audience
Conduct research and performs various analyses to drive data-driven insights for Fit Excellence
Bring analytics/BI best practices for reporting and data infrastructure for Global Quality
Provide input to Fit and Sizing stakeholders in process improvement sessions around analyzing guest insights through quantitative, qualitative, and statistical methods, including but not limited to defining the tools or engineering solutions needed to improve reporting efficiency and effectiveness


Qualifications:
5+ years expert level in telling a compelling story with powerful insights based on analyzed large quantities of qualitative and quantitative data
10+ years of data analytics, data modelling, and reporting, preferable in a retail or supply chain environment
Expert-level proficiency in Excel, Power BI, SQL, database management, data modeling, and database structures; experience with Smartsheet and SSRS/PBI Report Builder
Excellent communication, spelling and grammatical attention to detail both written and verbal with external and internal stakeholders across all levels.
About the job
DRW is a diversified trading firm with over 3 decades of experience bringing sophisticated technology and exceptional people together to operate in markets around the world. We value autonomy and the ability to quickly pivot to capture opportunities, so we operate using our own capital and trading at our own risk.

Headquartered in Chicago with offices throughout the U.S., Canada, Europe, and Asia, we trade a variety of asset classes including Fixed Income, ETFs, Equities, FX, Commodities and Energy across all major global markets. We have also leveraged our expertise and technology to expand into three non-traditional strategies: real estate, venture capital and cryptoassets.

We operate with respect, curiosity and open minds. The people who thrive here share our belief that it’s not just what we do that matters–it's how we do it. DRW is a place of high expectations, integrity, innovation and a willingness to challenge consensus.

We are currently hiring a Data Analyst to join our Event Analysis and Insight team. Candidates must have a passion for data manipulation and visualization and the ability to think both independently and collaboratively. They will work on the analysis of post event data, reports and providing insight.

Candidates must be comfortable working within a fast-paced, and at times highly demanding environment. They must possess a keen sense of enthusiasm and attention to detail, as well as a sense of commitment and dedication to both teams.

You’ll Feel Right At Home If You

Have at least 2 years of relevant experience.
Have exceptional attention to detail and data gathering skills
Are great at finding patterns
Are great at presenting findings
Love digging through data in search of clues
Are able to balance several time sensitive requests
Have effective communication skills (oral and written)
Are extremely organized
Are willing to learn and adapt to a quickly-changing environment
Have completed a Bachelor’s degree in a related field - economics, finance, commerce, Information Technology or computer science
Have a good knowledge of Python for data manipulation and visualization
Thrive in environments where multitasking is routine and can prioritize tasks effectively.
Thrive in a fast-paced working environment 

What You’ll Be Working On

Analyzing post event data in order to gain insight and discover potential issues.
Creating reports and visualizations to help bring forward relevant information to the stake holders.
Collaborating with the development team to improve and/or create the necessary analysis tools.
Creating issue tickets and following up with the appropriate teams.
Participating in the research effort revolving around the trade strategies.
Developing necessary scripts for data gathering and manipulation.

What DRW Montreal Has To Offer You

Recognized as one of Canada’s Best Employers for the past 8 years
Committed to continuous learning & development
Industry leading benefits package and perks
Focused on employee well-being and work-life balance
Community initiatives, volunteer program and opportunities for giving back

Find out more about all of our perks & benefits at https://drw.com/work-at-drw/montreal-benefits.

For more information about DRW's processing activities and our use of job applicants' data, please view our Privacy Notice at https://drw.com/privacy-notice.

California residents, please review the California Privacy Notice for information about certain legal rights at https://drw.com/california-privacy-notice.
About the job
Acunor Infotech is hiring Business Data Analyst for one of its premier clients located in Toronto, ON. This is an onsite and fulltime opportunity. If you are interested, please apply with your updated resume to saikumar.m@acunor.com

Role: Business Data Analyst
Location: Toronto, Ontario
Duration: Full Time

Job description:
Role & Responsibilities Overview:
Create, maintain BRD’s for identified data product, strategy initiative
Proficient in data handling, manipulation using common tools – SQL, Excel
Identify, prioritize and help deliver various data products within the organization
Emphasis on implementing data strategy initiatives for eg. merging internal data with third party data to create data asset for data consumers etc.
Work with technical teams, data engineers to execute data product delivery
Perform data product business value mapping and communicate to stakeholders
Manage day-to-day project operations, serve as the functional and domain expert on the project team to ensure that they meet client expectations
Candidate Profile:
Master's degree in economics, mathematics, computer science/engineering, operations research or related analytics areas; candidates with BA/BS degrees in the same fields from the top tier academic institutions are also welcome to apply
Based out of Canada, US – required in client office for minimum 2 days a week
Some recent experience in insurance domain/ data is must - Life and health insurance is good to have
5+ years experience in handling data products, data strategy type projects
Can perform data analysis and business analyst responsibilities
Technical Skills: SQL, Python, Data Analysis, Database tools, Data Exploration, Data Visualisation, Insight Generation
About the job
Every person is unique, but we all have something in common: the need for safe, clean water. And it’s only by bringing together people with diverse ideas, perspectives, and backgrounds that we can solve the complex water problems of our changing world.

At Trojan Technologies, we believe success for all comes from the contributions of every single one of us. That’s why we foster an environment where every associate has a voice, is valued and respected, and feels safe sharing their thoughts. After all, sharing our different viewpoints and experiences is what enables us to find creative and innovative ways to accomplish our shared goals.

Trojan is proud to be bringing water and environmental businesses together under the unified purpose of safeguarding the world’s most vital natural resources. Want to ensure the world has the clean water it needs? Then become part of the team that’s making it happen.

In this role, you will:

Work with both structured and unstructured data to provide insights (customer interactions, UV system operations, service opportunities)
Create and maintain consistency in reporting data insights.
Collaborate cross functionally to develop new data insight initiatives.
Lead the problem-solving process to address issues and opportunities, collaborating with R&D, Operations, Service, Sales and Marketing teams to meet key performance indicators.
Leverage VES (Veralto Enterprise System) tools to initiate and champion impactful and sustainable kaizens/events to drive continuous improvement to processes related to growing our digital infrastructure of our install base.


Are you qualified? The essential requirements of the job include:

Experience finding and reporting insights using statistics, machine learning and visualization tools, including proficient using Business Intelligence (BI) tools, such as PowerBI
Experience with a variety of database types (SQL/NoSQL, columnar, object-oriented) and diverse data formats, and familiarity with querying data using SQL/KQL
Experience executing ETL processes and developing data models by integrating information from multiple sources.
Demonstrated experience of developing supervised and unsupervised machine learning models (classification, regression, clustering)
Proficiency in handling time series data through Python libraries (Pandas, NumPy, Matplotlib, Scikit-learn, PySpark) for data cleansing and development of statistical and machine learning models.


It would be a plus if you also possess previous experience in:

BS degree in Information Science, Computer Science, Analytics, or equivalent.


At Trojan Technologies we believe in designing a better, more sustainable workforce. We recognize the benefits of flexible, hybrid working arrangements for eligible roles and are committed to providing enriching careers, no matter the work arrangement. This position is eligible for a hybrid work arrangement in which you can work part-time at the Company location identified above and part-time remotely from your home. Additional information about this hybrid work arrangement will be provided by your interview team. Explore the flexibility and challenge that working for Trojan Technologies can provide.

At Veralto, we value diversity and the existence of similarities and differences, both visible and not, found in our workforce, workplace and throughout the markets we serve. Our associates, customers and shareholders contribute unique and different perspectives as a result of these diverse attributes.

If you’ve ever wondered what’s within you, there’s no better time to find out.

R10251947
About the job
Keyrus Canada, a leader in Data Intelligence is looking for a Data Technology Consultant (Tableau/ETL/Talend).

If you are looking for an innovative startup-style company with a good team spirit that has the support of an internationally recognized brand, we encourage you to apply and join us!

Who We Are

With offices in 22 countries and more than 25 years of experience in North America, Keyrus is a trusted leader in Data Intelligence.

Keyrus Canada offers stimulating projects to increase companies’ performance, with 2 areas of expertise:

Data Strategy to help organizations identify business objectives, build a strategy, and leverage their data to achieve their goals (BI Roadmap | Master Data Management | Data Governance and Architecture…)

Data Intelligence to enable companies to draw critical insights from their data and shape business decisions (Data Integration | Cloud Migration | Business Intelligence | Analytics & Machine Learning…)

About The Role

We are looking for an Analytics Consultant to join our Keyrus Canada team! As a part of the Keyrus team, you will combine your business acumen and statistical knowledge with strong problem-solving abilities to analyze large sets of data and deliver insightful, actionable results to our clients.

This role will play a key role in providing our clients with entire end-to-end analytics solutions, from backend data engineering, manipulation, and cleansing, all the way to front-end data visualization. You will work directly with our client's business to add value to their data intelligence environment using the industry’s most cutting-edge analytics tools such as Tableau, Power BI, Talend, Qlik, etc.

Our Ideal Candidate

At least 3+ years of experience as a business intelligence developer, data warehouse developer, database developer, or ETL developer;
Strong knowledge of data visualization best practices using Tableau or other related BI tool such as Qlik;
Experience working with a relational database (SQL, Oracle, etc.);
Ability to perform data mapping, blending and ETL design using related ETL tools such as SSIS, Talend, DataStage, etc is a plus;
Experience working with business teams to translate functional requirements into technical requirements;
Minimum of a Bachelor's Degree.

What We Offer

A stimulating environment where you will be able to surpass yourself and discover new horizons;
A strong culture of innovation and entrepreneurship;
Many occasions to celebrate your success : 5 @ 7, team activities, birthdays, breakfasts and other special events;
Group insurance for you and your family members ;
RRSP and DPSP participation plan;
Monthly well-being allowance ;
Reimbursement of telecommunication costs;
Flexible work from home policy;
4 weeks of paid vacation;
Language courses (French & English);
Access to continuing education (in-house, conferences, events, courses, certifications, etc.);
Development plan for each employee and coaching.
About the job
Universal Music Canada is Canada’s leading music company, engaged in recorded music, music publishing, merchandising, and audiovisual content. Home to the most comprehensive catalogue of recordings and songs across every musical genre, UMC is committed to artistry, innovation and entrepreneurship in broadening opportunities for our artists on both the domestic and world stages as well as creating new experiences for fans.
 Universal Music Canada is part of Universal Music Group, the world leader in music-based entertainment.
 We are searching for creative, innovative and passionate people to join our team. If you love music and got excited just thinking about joining this amazing organization, we would love to meet you!

Data & Insights Analyst - 12 Month Contract

Closing Date: February 16, 2024

The UMC team works in a hybrid, flexible environment with four days a week from our creative campus located in Liberty Village, Toronto and one day of work virtually.

Reporting to the Director, Music Strategy, Universal Music Canada is looking for a high energy Data & Insights Analyst to bring a creative approach to data that combines technical skills with a business-savvy mindset. The successful candidate is an exceptional communicator who is equal parts strategic and technical. You are comfortable and effective in persuading both technical and business audiences. You take a consultative approach to solving business problems. You excel at designing and building new and impactful analytic studies.

Responsibilities
You will extract insights from the data to learn more about our artists, partners, or broader strategic questions
You will use your technical background to translate business questions into code using SQL and Python to gather, clean, organize, and analyze data
You will dive into the data to generate custom reports and/or dashboards. You will explore anomalies, finding root causes or drawing attention to trends that can be capitalized
You will draw on your insights and experience to choose the most effective and impact charts, graphs, and diagrams to illustrate the results and recommendations of your data analysis
You will present your findings through accessible, engaging language, data visualizations, and other forms of presentation for our leadership and non-technical teams to understand and action
You will work within a team dedicated to providing first class intelligence and digital tools to support decision making across multiple areas of the business
You will work together with the team to deliver a high standard for knowledge, approachability, collaboration, value addition
You will maintain and build relationships with other analysts and business specialists in the business, to maximise shared learning

Requirements
2-3 years experience in an analytical role. Music (or associated) industry experience advantageous
Educated to degree level or equivalent (a commercial/ numerical subject at degree level is advantageous e.g Economics, Computer Science, Mathematics)
Strong SQL abilities including querying of large data sets
Experience with Google Big Query desirable
Python and other languages/ modelling advantageous
Experience with BI tools
Data Studio/ Looker and MicroStrategy desirable
Proven ability to make rational judgements and strategic recommendations from the available information
Display critical thinking in order to make strategic recommendations
Strong and adaptable presentation skills (experience in data storytelling advantageous) 
Able to build and maintain strong relationships across multiple teams and areas
Ability to bring data to life in a compelling and expert way via storytelling
Creative and pro-active approach to problem solving
Diligent and reliable, capable of working on multiple projects simultaneously, both autonomously and as part of a team

Universal Music Canada is committed to equity, diversity, and inclusion, and strongly welcomes and encourages applications from Indigenous Peoples, people of colour, women, persons with disabilities, people who are 2SLGBTQIA+, and people from other diverse communities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process.
About the job
Agilus is recruiting for a Data Analyst I  in the  oil & gas industry in Calgary, Alberta. 

Jr. EDMS (Engineering Document Management System) Data Migration Analyst Overview / Responsibilities Jr. EDMS Data Migration Analyst will work with the Sr. EDMS Data Migration Analyst to assist the EDMS team with migrating all revisions of documents, and associated metadata, from SPO, PIMS, and networks drives.

A Typical Day

Executing document/ data cleansing strategies, action plans, reconciliation plans and scripts. 
Collecting document/ data migration requirements, Knowledge in SQL, Knowledge in EDMS systems like Smart Plant Foundation, and Omega PIMS. 
Determining the validity of the values of the data elements, Reviewing and validating data relationships between tags and documents. 
Coordinating with document/ data owners to validate cleansed document/ data (e.g., reconciling orphaned project documents against as-built documents to determine if these records need to be migrated). 
Mapping the data in the format provided in conversion templates, Assisting with determining data migration security controls. 
Executing end-to-end integration migration test plans (including testing for data extraction, transformation, data loading, and data validation). 
Solid experience with data transformation and data load testing, Validating data of multiple mock conversions and the full migration coordinating with unit and end-to-end integration testing to ensure the flow of data from the source applications to the target applications is accurate. 
Documenting the end-to-end data migration test results and lessons learned report. 

Successful Candidates Will Have

Education - Diploma in an engineering discipline would be preferred. 
Communication - Good communication skills both written and verbal. Willing and able to resolve team conflicts. 
Project Execution - Demonstrates interest and understanding of overall project workflow, project execution plan, procedures, and project primary deliverables and activities. 
Systems and Tools knowledge- Must have knowledge of the EDMS systems (Smart Plant Foundation, and Omega PIMS) and tools used to support EDMS migrations (SQL). 
Problem Solving skills - Demonstrate the ability to identify, analyze and resolve documentation and data issues in accordance with sound Information Management principles. 

Total Rewards

12 Months of contract position
5 days on / 2 days off
Competitive Compensation

Interested?

Please apply directly online by email ptungaturti@agilus.ca

Agilus would like to thank all candidates for their interest in this opportunity. Due to the volume of resumes we receive; we may only be able to respond directly to those candidates being selected for an interview.

We encourage you to visit agilus.ca regularly or subscribe to our email alerts at agilus.ca/Account/Register as new exciting employment opportunities become available daily.
About the job
Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.

What You’ll Do

Work closely with the Capital Markets team to evaluate, structure and price consumer asset-backed transactions
Develop and enhance capital structuring and pricing models tailored to Affirm’s consumer loan portfolio to enable efficient deal execution
Build quantitative models to analyze and predict the performance of Affirm’s consumer loans
Provide insights on capital markets deals to cross-functional teams for more optimal and efficient funding strategy and merchant pricing
Partner cross-functionally with our Capital Markets, Treasury, Merchant Pricing, Credit, Commercial, Product and Engineering teams to evaluate funding, product, and business decisions

What We Look For

4+ years of relevant experience structuring asset-backed transactions, forecasting consumer loan performance, and/or building quantitative models
Experience with industry-standard tools such as Intex/Bloomberg and working with accountants, rating agencies, and internal/external partners
Experience with SQL, Python, or other scripting languages
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, and ability to collaborate and influence across different teams in the organization
A proactive leader that can seek out new opportunities, drive projects, navigate ambiguity and develop creative solutions with minimal guidance
Desire to understand the broader context of business decisions

Pay Grade - CAN29

Employees new to Affirm or promoted into a new role, typically begin in the min to mid range.

CAN Base Pay Range Per Year

Min: $105,300

Mid: $131,600

Max: $157,900

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.

Benefits

We’re extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include:

 Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
 Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses 
 Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge 
 ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount 

We believe It’s On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.

[For U.S. positions that could be performed in Los Angeles or San Francisco] Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, Affirm will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

By clicking "Submit Application," you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
About the job
At Ontario Health, we are committed to developing a strong organizational culture that connects and inspires all team members across the province. Our vision is that together, we will be a leader in health and wellness for all. Our mission is to connect the health system to drive improved and equitable health outcomes, experiences and value. How we work together is reflected through our five values: integrity, inspiration, tenacity, humility and care.

What Ontario Health Offers

Achieving your career goals is a priority to us. Benefits of working at Ontario Health may include the following based on employment type:

 Fully paid medical, dental and vision coverage from your first day
 Health care spending account
 Premium defined benefit pension plan
 3 personal days and 2 float days annually
 Individual contributors start at 3 weeks’ vacation with 4 weeks at 2 yrs.
 Career development opportunities
 A collaborative values-based team culture
 Wellness programs
 A hybrid working model
 Participation in Communities of Inclusion 

Want to make a difference in your career?  Consider this opportunity.

The Senior Data Analyst performs a key function in supporting data integrity of identity management services to the healthcare sector on behalf of the Enterprise Data Management portfolio, responsible for the data quality and integrity of data contributed to the provincial EHR data assets. The Senior Data Analyst role is specifically responsible for the data integrity reviews of Admission, Discharge and Transfer (ADT) data contributed to the Provincial Client Registry (PCR / EMPI), as well as reviews of the provider data contributed to the Provincial Provider Registry (PPR).

Here Is What You Will Be Doing

Acts as the primary contact to assigned data sources who contribute to the Patient and Provider Registries (PCR and PPR), such as hospital Health Records Departments and RHPA Colleges, to support data quality and data integrity related error remediation of Personal Information/Personal Health Information (PHI) related records.
Analyzes inbound records against existing records in the PCR and PPR, and manually performs health record set linking, unlinking, and merging functions of records submitted.
Manages relationships with Record Management contacts at the data sources and supports Health or Registration record staff in resolving data integrity related tasks and monitors hospital progress in reducing data integrity task queues.
Provides overviews and training to hospital health record and college department staff, who will be leveraging the PCR and PPR ‘Inspector’ tool, used by data sources for viewing their data integrity tasks and issues.
Works with data sources to further investigate and resolve complex health record overlays and duplicate patient or record situations, where the data source requires additional support for patient unmerges or patient overwrite situations in their own local system, as well as to ensure that the correction is applied in the PCR/PPR.
Supports the onboarding and new data source relationship building to ensure a seamless data quality and integrity process is established, including the regular engagement and follow up with new data sources, to provide assurance of data quality and integrity related record remediation being achieved.
Works with the team to ensure work coverage and tasks are completed as a team effort.
Provides training and mentoring to the Data Analyst I and new hires. 
Maintains responsibility and ownership of assigned tasks, tickets and reports, and ensures the timely completion and conclusion of each until resolution.
Supports other team members in assisting with backlogs or other data quality and integrity initiatives. requiring a senior analyst review and conclusion.
Accountable for service quality for their data source (assigned client), and assurance of data quality and integrity of the data in the PCR/PPR, as these registries are used for supporting the Electronic Health Record overall.
Fosters sustainable, trusted relationships with team members, data sources, and superiors.
Acts as subject matter expert on data source record accuracy.
Identifies and escalates issues, working with the team/colleagues and leadership, as well as external data sources clients to ensure adherence to data quality and integrity standards. 
Builds collaborative relationships with newly onboarded data sources, establishing a reliable and responsive relationship and communication channel for responding to data quality and integrity related requirements.
Makes recommendations based on data integrity and record observations and brings them to Lead/Leadership for review and consideration, supports the implementation of new or enhanced data quality analysis or reporting.
Actively engages in Data Quality and Integrity related activities and reporting and recommends process efficiencies to improve the team function and knowledge. Suggests improvements to increase data quality oversight and reduce the volume of data quality affected records.
Makes key decisions on patient record linking after conducting analysis of the inbound record against existing records. 
Maintains confidentiality and data/system integrity to mitigate privacy incidents or breaches that could result in patient safety concerns.

Education And Experience

Here is what you will need to be successful:

College diploma or Bachelor’s degree in Health Information Management.
Canadian Health Information Management Association (CHIMA) designation is an asset.
3 -5 years of experience working within a Healthcare environment such as a hospital is preferred, or equivalent health care organization or agency.
3- 5 years of health information management experience.
Experience working with personal health information (PHI), and understanding the importance of protection, privacy and security of all records submitted to Ontario Health.
Knowledge of health information management systems.
Knowledge of Legislative boundaries and privacy regulations unique to Ontario and Canada.
Knowledge of Patient safety considerations.

Knowledge And Skills

Ability to compile performance metrics and report summaries.
Ability to identify new data quality and integrity analysis requirements and execute the development and delivery of the process.
Ability to support new data source onboarding and ramp up.
Ability to apply privacy and security expectations on the handling of PHI.
Ability to apply health information management skills and analysis on PHI records.
Ability to apply data analysis skills on the review of patient identity record information.
Ability to apply client relationships skills in managing relationships with key contacts at the data sources (hospitals, colleges, etc.).
Ability to apply decision making skills related to the accuracy and integrity of data records coming into the registries, and confidently linking or associating the records against the correct patient or provider. 
Ability to demonstrate critical thinking and analytical skills to support problem solving and error remediation.
Ability to apply strong communication and presentation skills with internal and external stakeholders.
Ability to understand the patient safety repercussions of an inaccurate decision/analysis of patient records, and an understanding of how to contain and correct the inaccuracy.
Strong emotional intelligence when working amongst team and with customers.
Ability to demonstrate self-awareness in the workplace.

Employment Type: Permanent Full Time

Salary Band:  5

Location: Ontario (currently hybrid; subject to change)

All applicants must be a resident of Ontario to be considered for roles at Ontario Health.

Ontario Health encourages applications from candidates who are First Nations, Métis, Inuit, and urban Indigenous; Francophone; Black and racialized; members of 2SLGBTQIA+ communities; trans and nonbinary; and disabled.

We encourage applicants with accessibility needs to notify us if they have any accommodation needs in the application and/or interview process.

Note: As part of the initial recruitment screening process, applicants must confirm that they are fully vaccinated against COVID-19. If applicants are not fully vaccinated, they will be required to identify any accommodation needs pursuant to a protected ground under the Code. Applicants who identify an accommodation need will be required to provide supporting documentation with respect to their need for accommodation when requested by Ontario Health. If no such accommodation is identified, the applicant will not be eligible to proceed through the recruitment process.

#OH-IND-DIG
About the job
Description

At Amazon, we're working to be the most customer-centric company on earth. To get there, we need exceptionally talented, bright, and driven people. If you'd like to help us build the place to find and buy anything online, this is your chance to make history. Amazon Canada Fulfillment Services is hiring a Data Analyst to support the Inventory Control / Quality Assurance (ICQA) team. The Data Analyst assigned to ICQA will work closely with the ICQA and operations teams in Inbound and Outbound to provide data and analytical support for ACES initiatives, root cause investigation of defects, and will provide support to ensure compliance to ICQA-related SoX requirements. The Data Analyst will own the insights, set up analysis, and create automated dashboards and reporting. They will be responsible for identifying data sources (internal / external) to invent and simplify mechanisms and create custom reporting and analytics automation tools. Operating in a fast-moving and sometimes ambiguous environment, you will be required to work autonomously, taking full control and responsibility for achieving business objectives. This role provides real opportunity to develop original ideas, approaches and solutions in an ever-changing and competitive business climate.

Key job responsibilities

 Development of data collection processes and data management systems
 Maintenance of data integrity (0% error rate)
 Designing of queries, compiling of data, and generation of reports in MS Excel
 Charting and graphing of data for reporting purposes
 In depth research of defect trends
 Data collection and entry as needed
 Data mining and problem solving
 Back up for Process Assistant duties

We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations:

Hamilton, ON, CAN

Basic Qualifications

 2+ years of professional or military experience
 Experience with Microsoft Office products and applications

Preferred Qualifications

 Experience with end-to-end project management

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, or other legally protected status. If you would like to request an accommodation, please notify your Recruiter.


Company - Amazon Canada Fulfillment Services, ULC.

Job ID: A2521992
About the job
theScore, a wholly-owned subsidiary of PENN Entertainment , empowers millions of sports fans through its digital media and sports betting products. Its media app ‘theScore’ is one of the most popular in North America, delivering fans highly personalized live scores, news, stats, and betting information from their favorite teams, leagues, and players. theScore’s sports betting app ‘theScore Bet Sportsbook & Casino’ delivers an immersive and holistic mobile sports betting and iCasino experience. theScore Bet is currently live in the Company's home province of Ontario. theScore also creates and distributes innovative digital content through its web, social and esports platforms.

About The Role

We are looking to expand our Marketing Analytics function by bringing on an Insights Analyst, predominantly focused on the marketing efforts of Hollywood Casino and theScore Casino. As a Marketing Insights Analyst, you will work closely with the Casino Marketing Insights Manager and the Commercial Marketing Team to provide insightful and actionable analysis for the Casino marketing team to provide recommendations on commercial decisions, in areas such as acquisition, retention, CRM, promotional spend, cross-sell and other customer behaviours.

Typical Workday at theScore

Build and interpret the suite of daily, weekly and monthly dashboards to identify key areas for deeper dive analysis.
Deliver ad-hoc analyses on the success of promotional campaigns 
Proactively identify gaps and opportunities and deliver clear and actionable insights based on performance data, with the ability to assess impact and effectively communicate these opportunities across the marketing team and organisation at large.
Provide accurate costing estimates for promotional campaigns
Utilise customer segmentation to improve the understanding of our customer base, and how best to optimise marketing efforts. 
Implement a commercial and ROI-based approach to marketing insights and proposed activity.
Work cross-functionally with the product, analytics, finance, legal and compliance teams to ensure effective communication and workflow.
Regularly present findings to key stakeholders, and work closely with the Casino Marketing Director to come up with strategies that will drive performance across the business, including delivery of weekly and monthly performance reports & insights.
Other duties as required.
Ensure at all times the implementation of responsible gaming practices.
Other duties as required.


About You

Post-secondary degree in a relevant field, such as mathematics, business or other fields with analytical discipline, would be an advantage.
Data obsessed, not just data driven and with the ability to gather and interpret data.
Excellent mathematical, analytical, statistics and problem solving skills.
Ability to work in a fast paced environment independently. 
Exceptional communication skills, able to communicate findings to all areas of the business.
Must have experience with SQL, BI tooling and Excel at an advanced level.
Strong casino experience/knowledge is highly desired.


What We Offer

Competitive salary
Comprehensive Benefits package
Fun, relaxed work environment
Education and conference reimbursements


theScore is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability or age.
About the job
Tekvaly is hiring for a Senior Data Analyst to work on contract for it's client in Mississauga. This is a hybrid role with 2-3 days/week onsite. 

About the Client
Mattamy Asset Management (MAM), everyone has an important role to play in our shared success. Developing thoughtfully planned communities is complex work and our diverse teams come together to deliver on that mission in every aspect. We are thoughtful planners, precise project managers and practiced subject matter experts. And in each area of our evolving business, we are trusted to drive results. Here, your opinion will be invited, and your contributions will count. You’ll be surrounded by caring people who encourage you to be exactly who you are. You’ll grow in your area of expertise, learning alongside committed colleagues. With a relentless focus on industry leadership and a deep commitment to sustainability, we’ve got big plans for the future – and for you.

The Role
Senior Data Analyst will be reporting to the Sr. Manager, Data Analytics, the Senior Data Analyst performs advanced data analytics for all business units under Mattamy Asset Management including the US and Canadian Home Building businesses. This role designs and applies appropriate data analytics solutions with a strong focus on data visualization and data quality. This role is supported by a team of data engineers who maintain a modern data lake technology stack in the Azure cloud and perform necessary data ingestion, cleansing and curation.
The Senior Data Analyst will work closely with the business to understand the business domain, define specific problems and requirements, create reports & interactive dashboards, and report back with the outcome of analytics in business terms. This role will work independently to design and implement appropriate analytics solutions and provide guidance for data preparation to the data engineering team. This role is also expected to perform research of external data sources and evaluate data analytics related technologies as needed.
Mattamy has strong desire to use data analytics to enhance its core US and Canadian Home Building businesses. This is a great opportunity to join a growing team and shape the future of the Home Building industry.

What you’ll do
Work with various business units within Mattamy to define problems and requirements.
Select the appropriate data analytics technics and data assets to address the business requirements with a strong focus on data visualization.
Create DAX queries in Power BI desktop.
Responsible for design methodology and project documentation.
Provide requirements and guidance for data ingestion and data processing to the Data Engineering team.
Present the outcome of the data analytics solution to the business units using business friendly terms.
Ensure all appropriate services levels and quality objectives are met.
Provide support to other citizen data analytics across the organization and promote a data driven culture within Mattamy.

What you bring
Degree in computer science, math, statistics related field or equivalent working experience
Minimum 4-5 years’ relevant experience in advanced data analytics focusing on data visualization using Power BI
Knowledge and skills for secondary tools such as Microsoft Azure, SQL data warehouse, etc.
Experience slicing and pivoting SSAS OLAP cubes, Azure Active Directory, OAuth and RLS (row level security).
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Power BI development, publishing, and scheduling reports.
Proficiency in DAX queries in Power BI desktop.
Advanced knowledge of T-SQL (Microsoft SQL Server databases / Microsoft Azure SQL databases)
Design and build data pipelines that extract, transform, and load (ETL) data from various sources into our data warehouse.
Create and maintain data models that ensure data consistency, accuracy, and accessibility.
Experience creating data quality rules using SQL or tools like Colibra DQ,
Experience using modern cloud-based data lake technologies such as Azure, Cloudera, or Google
Strong experience collaborating with business and non-technical teams to provide insights from data.
Strong experience in working with the business to define business requirements.
Strong ability to communicate and collaborate effectively with business, management, and project teams.
Excellent analytical, organizational, planning and time management skills.
Ability to effectively manage multiple priorities simultaneously. 
Ability to work on your own and be able to conduct training.

Bonus points
Knowledge and experience in the land development and builder industry in US and/or Canada
Knowledge and experience in Microsoft Power Apps
Knowledge and experience in Colibra tools like DIC & DQ,
Experience in mortgage lending industry and/or financial modeling
Experience working in a multi-client/multi-division and cross functional matrix environment
About the job
Job Title: Business Data Analyst 
Department: Data and IT 
Location: North York, ON (On-Site)
Job Types: Full-Time, Permanent
Salary Range: $60k to $70k 
 Company Overview

Nexus Energy is a privately held company based in Toronto, Ontario. We participate in energy wholesale markets across Eastern Canada and the Northeastern United States and are currently expanding operations into the retail and REC space.

At Nexus Energy Inc. we promote a culture that harmonizes and provides a balance between individual performance, and team-based results. You’ll have the opportunity to be part of a passionate team that drives business values and promotes open discussion whenever and wherever possible.
Our Data and IT team is currently looking for a motivated and talented individual to provide solutions and support to both the trading and operation teams. The role consists of 60% business analysis/support and 40% IT application support.
  What You Will Do

Work closely with business SMEs and stakeholders to create business requirements and functional specification documentation, defining data mapping from source systems and performing functional analysis.
Perform ad-hoc data analysis, interpreting, and communicating business insights results in a clear manner to business.
Apply analytical and technical skills to investigate the day-to-day system and business issues, determine the root cause, and deliver viable solutions.
Write quality, clean, and maintainable Python code using programming best practices.
Collaborate with internal teams to deploy and support production and non-production environments.
 What You Will Bring

University or college degree in Business, Computer Science, Engineering, Information Systems, or a related discipline. 
1+ years’ experience in business analysis or data analysis. 
1+ years’ experience with financial software and/or data. 
Basic knowledge of SQL and Python.
Excellent verbal & and written communication, organizational, and interpersonal skills. 
Proven analytical and systematic problem-solving skills. 
Adaptable, and able to learn new skills/technologies. 
Ability to work independently. 

Bonus Qualifications

Versed with Excel VBA, Microsoft Azure, or ETL processes.
Previous experience in financial industries. 
Understanding of web front-end technologies, such as JavaScript, HTML5, and Vue JS. 
  What We Offer

A pay-for-performance environment that offers competitive salaries and incentives.
Numerous opportunities for professional growth and development.
Work-life balance.
Comprehensive employer-paid benefits coverage.
Registered pension program professionally managed by a major Canadian financial institution.
Team building and recreational events.
Wellbeing Reimbursement Program
 APPLY TODAY AND POWER YOUR SUCCESS! 
 Accommodations

Nexus Energy Inc. is committed to fostering an inclusive and accessible work environment. We are committed to providing equitable treatment and accommodation to ensure barrier-free employment by the Ontario Human Rights Code and Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). If you require Code-protected accommodations due to disability during the recruitment process, please communicate them when contacted and we will ensure your needs are met.
  
Nexus Energy Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer and would like to thank all applicants, however, only those who qualify will be contacted for an interview.
About the job
The University of Windsor is situated on the traditional territory of the Three Fires Confederacy of First Nations: the Ojibwa, the Odawa, and the Potawatomie. We respect the longstanding relationships with First Nations people in this place in the 100-mile Windsor-Essex peninsula and the straits – les détroits – of Detroit.


PRIMARY JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: 
To contribute to the effectiveness of the academic units and administrative departments, by providing data analysis, and report writing support activities for assigned systems / applications.

ESSENTIAL QUALIFICATIONS:
The successful candidate will have:
• Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Business or other University degree in a related field as determined by the Department
• 3 years demonstrated proficiency in:
o Maintenance and administration of common databases (e.g. Oracle, IBM, Microsoft, etc.)
o Relational database technologies/SOL, data models including analytics and query design utilizing, business modeling, systems documentation /versioning
o Report writing (e.g. Power Bl, Crystal), using business intelligence/ analytics tools and Office Productivity tools (e.g. Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint SharePoint, etc.)
o Application development tools/ environments, client-server technologies, object-oriented design, directory services, and systems administration/ security
• Good teamwork, organization, multitasking, analytical, problem solving, customer service and written/oral communication skills (including the ability to effectively communicate technical concepts to stakeholders)
• Ability to maintain confidentiality and discretion
• Ability to learn and adapt to new technologies, tools and processes
• General knowledge of:
o Issue tracking and project management software
o Applicable legislative, statutory and industry compliance requirements
o Current IT best practices, technologies, and standards

EMPLOYMENT EQUITY STATEMENT:  
In pursuit of the University of Windsor's employment policy as well as its equity, diversity, inclusion, and decolonization commitments, members from the designated groups (Women, Indigenous Peoples, Racialized Persons, Persons with Disabilities, and those that identify as 2SLGBTQIA+) are encouraged to apply and may self-identify if they choose to do so. 
 In accordance with Canadian immigration requirements, all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be given priority. If you need an accommodation for any part of the application and hiring process, please notify employment@uwindsor.ca.
About the job
We are seeking a highly skilled and motivated Data Analyst to join our dynamic team. The ideal candidate will have a strong background in data analysis, proficiency in Python, SQL, and Power BI, along with a minimum of two (2) years of hands-on experience. This is a 12-month maternity leave contract.

Responsibilities

Data Wrangling and Transformation

 Collect, clean, and preprocess raw data to ensure accuracy and completeness.
 Conduct data transformations and manipulations to prepare datasets for analysis.

Data Analysis

 Perform end-to-end data analysis, utilizing Python and SQL to deliver business-oriented actionable insights.
 Develop and implement statistical models to analyze large datasets.

Visualization

 Create story-telling and interactive dashboards using Power BI.
 Communicate complex data insights effectively through visualization techniques.

End-to-End Data Analysis Delivery

 Collaborate with cross-functional teams to understand business requirements and objectives.
 Deliver comprehensive data analysis solutions, ensuring timely and accurate results.
 Provide actionable insights to support data-driven decision-making.

Tool Proficiency

 Demonstrate proficiency in using Azure Fabric and Synapse for advanced data analytics (experience in these tools is a strong plus).
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Statistics, or a related field.
 Minimum of 2 years of hands-on experience in Python, SQL, and Power BI.
 Proven experience in data wrangling, transformation, and analysis.
 Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
 Excellent communication skills with the ability to convey complex findings to non-technical stakeholders.
 Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment.

Primary Location

ON-Mississauga
About the job
A named leader by Forrester in the sales performance management space, Varicent was founded in 2005 when we pioneered sales performance management software. Evolving quickly to become the fastest growing software company in North America according to Deloitte’s Fast 50™ in 2010, Varicent was acquired by IBM in 2012 and has since been re-founded as an independent global business serving mid-size and enterprise clients with our full suite of solutions to assist in smarter territory and quota planning, efficient lead to revenue operations, and the fastest and most flexible way to pay sellers accurately and on-time. We are looking for talented, driven people that can make an impact across our organization.

The Data Operations Analyst is responsible for ensuring the accuracy, reliability, and integrity of our data systems. You will play a key role in ensuring data quality control, data cleansing, and lead data integration activities. In collaboration with our internal teams and data engineers, you will identify opportunities for process optimization and generate data-driven insights around Customer Journeys, for Leadership to make informed decisions. This position is ideal for someone who has a strong analytical mindset, attention to detail, and a passion for working with data.

What You'll Do: 

Data Analysis & Optimization 
Work with Data Engineering and Systems team to review, maintain and optimize the business processes around internal apps (HubSpot, SalesLoft, Salesforce, etc) and data-warehouse (Snowflake), ensuring accurate data models are being exposed for reporting; 
Conduct monthly reviews of Company KPIs & reporting, summarizing the month over month changes in trends and opportunities for the Executive team; 
Continuously assess and refine revenue operations processes to adapt to changing business needs and market conditions, and perform ad-hoc results analysis when required; 
Identify opportunities for process automation within the full Customer Journey (Acquisition, Leads, New Sales, Renewals, Implementation, Invoicing); 
Data Documentation 
Active involvement in gathering business users’ requirements and defining the data models for reports and dashboards, track all Company-level KPIs; 
Maintain high quality documentation for internal business process workflows 
Collaboration and Communication 
Be a key member of the Data Governance and Analytics team, along with other members of the Data Strategy organization, taking ownership of all data processes and analysis, which includes the monitoring of end-user reporting; 
Collaborate with the Revenue Operations, Sales, Professional Services and Finance to implement process flows for key areas of the business, revolving around the existence, completeness and accuracy of data and in all output reports 
Develop and lead the internal program promoting data literacy, enabling Varicent internal users on available data models and self-serve reporting 

What You'll Bring: 

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, or a related field (Master's degree is a plus). 
3+ years proven experience in data operations, data quality, and data integration. 
Proficiency in data management tools and technologies, such as SQL, ETL tools, data cleansing tools, and data visualization tools (PowerBi, Tableau, Sigma, Looker) 
Highly adaptable and driven to take ownership of deliverables 
Proficiency in CRM systems (Salesforce experience is an asset) and Excel 
Strong communication and teamwork skills. 
Excellent attention to detail and a passion for data accuracy. 
A self-starter who can take charge of tasks with minimal direction 
Proficiency in data management tools and technologies, such as SQL, ETL tools, data cleansing tools, and data visualization tools 
Knowledge of data governance and compliance with data privacy regulations 
Experience in summarizing findings and insights using visuals ("telling stories using data") 
Hands-on experience with requirements gathering and solutions design 

Success Factors: 

1-3 Months 
Learn and get familiar with our systems end-to-end, our tech stack and business strategic initiatives. 
Help the team with small changes and backlog review and prioritization 
4-6 Months 
 Work and collaborate on a specific business strategic initiative, focusing on bringing clarity to the requirements, including providing a blueprint/roadmap, and determining relevant data points to gather and analyze. 
Deliver required artifacts per program for execution. 
Help with change management process and execution, collaborating on backlog grooming and alignment with key business priorities. 
Measure success of a program, following delivery 
7 Months & Beyond 
Work on multiple programs concurrently, with a consistent approach, based on what has been learned, implemented, and applied to-date, including: 
Providing initial blueprint/roadmap per program 
Analyzing data to gauge success throughout the program 
Delivering key common artifacts and training of changes to help with enablement/adoption. 
Regularly monitoring the business operations teams’ program backlog and provide inputs into sprint planning and execution.

Varicent is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability, age, or veteran status. If you require accommodation at any time during the recruitment process please email accomodations@varicent.com

Varicent is also committed to compliance with all fair employment practices regarding citizenship and immigration status. By applying for a position at Varicent and/or by using this portal, you declare and confirm that you have read and agree to our Job Applicant Privacy Notice and that the information provided by you as part of your application is true and complete and includes no misrepresentation or material omission of fact
About the job
About Us
At Globalfaces, we work with North America’s best charities to bring their fundraising goals to life by finding and engaging socially committed donors. Our vision is to acquire and retain more non-profit donors than any other organization in North America.

Position Profile
The Data Analyst reporting to the Director, Workforce and Operations is an integral role within Globalfaces Direct driving transformation, automation and facilitating empirical decision making across all levels through data insight. The Employee will be tasked with various projects and the role will evolve as required during this stage of Globalfaces Direct’s development to enable best in class workforce, operational, reporting, visualizing and trend analysis capabilities. Portfolio will range from the managing and tracking of donor data and reporting around our F2F fundraising unit (to internal and external stakeholders); designing and automating Scorecards; and Process Engineering/Automating Manual Reports

Your Key Deliverables
Developing industry leading reporting around key issues that affect the quality of our acquisitions to support our growth strategy
Help identify trends and key indicators with clear objectives and monitor them consistently to guide operational efficiency within the Contact Centre lines of business and field sales
Work within and build Excel and SQL outputs that track significant internal and client data
Analyze tracked information towards producing key client metrics
Convert raw data into meaningful analysis with the help of interactive, easy-to-understand dashboards and reports, as well as, provide insights to improve decision-making;
Responsible for designing, developing, and deploying business analytics dashboards and operational reports using Microsoft BI technologies such as SQL, Power BI, including co-development and administration of BI tools;
Help translate business requirements into technical specifications and propose timelines;
Design, develop, and deploy Power BI scripts while creating charts and document data with algorithms, parameters, models, and relations explanations;
Support the invoicing process by providing the relevant donor acquisition data

What You Bring To GFD
Your Experience
1-3 years' working experience as a Data Analyst or Business Data Analyst,

Your Knowledge, Skills, Competencies & Abilities
Technical expertise regarding data models, database design development and data mining
Ability to quickly shape data into reporting and analytics solutions
Understand business requirements in the BI context and design data models to convert raw data to meaningful insights;
Technical aptitude to learn and apply new applications and software programs, and understanding of statistical analysis
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Strong verbal and written communication skills
Highly reliable with strong attention to detail
Ability to work independently and partner effectively with others to achieve desired business results.
Willingness to learn new skills and work in a fast paced, frequently changing environment.

Your Technical Skills
Advanced level knowledge of MS Office applications, particularly Excel, SQL, Google Suite, Power Query and PowerBI among other business intelligence tools

Your Education
Completion of post-secondary studies in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics or related programs, and/or combination of education and experience

What GFD Offers You
A competitive base salary + generous bonus opportunity.
Paid sick days and comprehensive benefits package (Health, dental, vision care and EFAP)
Employee perks (discounts to the CNE, Canada’s Wonderland, Home & Auto Insurance, etc)
The opportunity to grow your career with an organization that will continue to grow at a rapid pace for the foreseeable future.
An open, inclusive and diverse working environment.

Additional Information
Any offer of employment will be subject to verification of employment and education background checks, including a criminal record check.
Candidates must be legally entitled to work in Canada at the time of their application.

ACCESSIBILITY
Globalfaces Direct promotes a diverse, inclusive and accessible workplace. We are committed to creating a working environment that is barrier-free and we are prepared to provide accommodation for people with disabilities. If selected for an interview, please advise our Recruiting Manager if you require reasonable accommodation during the interview and assessment process and we will work with you to meet your accessibility needs.
About the job
The professional joining our team will not only be adept at using the tools to work with the data, but they will assemble that data into high level views to communicate internally and to our external partners. 

Additionally, we are looking for someone that will look ahead to suggest new tools or processes for improvements in capabilities or efficiencies. We need a technical person with excellent written and verbal communication skills. This role is dynamic and has evolving needs including working with the U.S. team on data system integration.

Job Responsibilities:
  Point person for enhancing product categorization using analytic tool
Support departmental team with research, special projects and reports for various projects and reporting needs
Operate database management systems to analyze data and perform data mining analysis
Maintain effective working relationships with internal and external stakeholders 
Collect and analyze data to help improve database performance
Looking for and suggesting new tools or processes to enhance capabilities or create efficiencies
Apply a high degree of qualitative and quantitative analytical skills in analyzing data to find key insights and develop compelling stories for stakeholders 
Lead or participate in special projects and other duties as directed 
 At Aramark, developing new skills and doing what it takes to get the job done make a positive impact for our employees and for our customers. In order to meet our commitments, job duties may change or new ones may be assigned without formal notice.

Qualifications:
  Requires high proficiency with Excel and proficient with major Microsoft Office tools
Bachelor’s degree (or proven successful business experience) in Business Administration, Engineering or a related field
Requires strong analytical and communication skills and program/project management capabilities
Highly collaborative team-player, with the ability to work effectively independently
Exceptional verbal and communication skills
Ability to be flexible and adaptable to changing work conditions and priorities

About Aramark
Our Mission
Rooted in service and united by our purpose, we strive to do great things for each other, our partners, our communities, and our planet.
At Aramark, we believe that every employee should enjoy equal employment opportunity and be free to participate in all aspects of the company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, gender, pregnancy, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, military status, protected veteran status or other characteristics protected by applicable law.

The people of Aramark proudly serve millions of guests every day through food, facilities, and uniform services in 19 countries around the world. Rooted in service and united by our purpose, we strive to do great things for each other, our partners, our communities, and our planet. We believe a career should develop your talents, fuel your passions, and empower your professional growth. So, no matter what you're pursuing - a new challenge, a sense of belonging, or just a great place to work - our focus is helping you reach your full potential. Learn more about working here at http://www.aramarkcareers.com or connect with us on Facebook, Instagram and Twitter.
About the job
The Data Analyst will be responsible for developing metrics and managing all related measurement reporting requirements and processes in support of new vessel construction reporting for client Shipyards.

What you'll do:
Facilitate the creation of key financial and performance metrics through executive dashboard and metric reports.
Develop a common set of measures and reporting across various programs and client's Shipyards to connect and integrate key processes, systems and performance indicators.
Create and develops metrics in an objective and sustainable aspect to identify performance trends and issues in a succinct and visual manner.
Assist in analysing data, validating assumptions and creating resource forecasts on a weekly, monthly, yearly and ad hoc basis.
Collect, validate, interpret, and organize various types of data into relevant metrics and reports and/or summaries for designated business objectives.
Support ad hoc and other unplanned analysis and reporting needs as determined by management priority and business changes.
Coordinate with Functional Department and Program Resources to define, collect and report departmental, program and shipyards level metrics.
Assist in building and maintaining data, metrics and reporting governance processes.
Act as a Business Intelligence Subject Matter Expert (SME) by supporting team members in the use and interpretation of data and understanding of metrics and reporting requirements.
Deliver high quality and accurate results in a timely manner.
Prioritize day-to-day tasks and weekly/monthly/annual deliverables with ad-hoc requests without impacting quality or timeliness.

What you'll need:
Bachelor’s degree in Finance, Statistics, Business or a relevant field. And an equivalent combination of education and/or work experience will be considered.
2-4 years of experience with business analytics, statistical analytics, KPI development and metrics reporting. Preferably in a Program & Project Management environment with quantitative, financial or metric analysis on multiple large-scale data warehouses.
Knowledge of Government of Canada standard Project Controls principles and guidelines is an asset.
Experience with Microsoft Power Query, M, DAX & SQL.
Experience working with data and databases, including working experience with programming languages and business intelligence tools such as SQL and Power BI, to build dataflow, datasets and analytical solutions and build visual insights and dashboards.
Experience with the Microsoft Power Platform, including Power Apps and Power Automate (Flow) is an asset.
Experience with Azure Analytics Services, including Azure Analysis Services, is an asset.
Expertly demonstrable understanding of database structure, business object models, and large scale data processing techniques.
Familiarity and understanding of critical metric analysis, performance measurement, financial systems and project scheduling/controls systems.
Demonstrated data analytic skills including demonstrable ability to merge multiple data sources into substantial information, review incomplete data, problem tackle to fill in gaps and provide recommendation for significant solutions.
Deep technical communication ability, including the ability to clearly and concisely detail and communicate complex data structures and process maps.
Demonstrated analytical and problem-solving skills.
Excellent verbal/written communication and interpersonal skills.
Excellent organizational skills, including ability to prioritize a variety of work assignments.
Outstanding time management skills and ability to work independently with minimal direction.
About the job
Primary Location: Ottawa, Ontario.

V-Soft Consulting is currently hiring for a Power BI Analyst/Specialist for our premier client in Ottawa, Ontario.

Education And Experience »

Bachelor's degree in computer science or a field related to computer science, 
5 years of experience in Business Intelligence. 
Experience with Power BI is essential and the MSBI suite (SSIS, SSAS) would be an asset. 
Experience in Data Transformation (ETL), Data Warehouse Concepts, and Data Security.

Knowledge, Skills And Abilities »

Basic knowledge of the Microsoft Office suite, specifically Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and Outlook.
knowledge of the SAP data model would be assets. 
He/she must have a strong knowledge of SQL as well as SQL query optimization. Maurey, Python and DAX and 
Ability to organize time and manage multiple projects effectively. Ability to communicate and convey technical concepts to clients in layman's terms. 
Strong organizational skills, a sense of priorities, and is flexible and autonomous, to manage multiple projects. 
Spoken and written French, perfectly functional English.

What You’ll Do

Job Responsibilities:

Create and maintain reports and dashboards in accordance with visualization best practices.
Provide the necessary training for the use of the various BI reports. 
Support the users of the platform.
Develop reporting solutions, compiling data from different sources including SAP.
Always be on the lookout for possible improvements to the platform.
Schedule and execute tests for reporting to ensure the quality and robustness of the solution.
Participate in the development of reports, analysis tools and KPIs through Power BI.
Collect clients' business needs and document requirements, specifications and specific needs of the company and users.
Contribute to the technical documentation of data flows, as well as user-oriented documentation.

Interested?

Qualified candidates should send their resumes to vpalla@vsoftconsulting.com

V-Soft Consulting Group is recognized among the top 100 fastest growing staffing companies in North America, V-Soft Consulting Group is headquartered in Louisville, KY with strategic locations in India, Canada and the U.S. V-Soft is known as an agile, innovative technology services company holding several awards and distinctions and has a wide variety of partnerships across diverse technology stacks.

As a valued V-Soft Consultant, you’re eligible for full benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision), a 401(k) plan, competitive compensation and more. V-Soft is partnered with numerous Fortune 500 companies, exceptionally positioned to advance your career growth.

V-Soft Consulting provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants for employment and prohibits discrimination and harassment of any type without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, national origin, disability status, genetics, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state or local laws.

For more information or to view all our open jobs, please visit www.vsoftconsulting.com or call (844) 425-8425.

#Jobs
About the job
Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.

What You’ll Do

Work closely with the Capital Markets team to evaluate, structure and price consumer asset-backed transactions
Develop and enhance capital structuring and pricing models tailored to Affirm’s consumer loan portfolio to enable efficient deal execution
Build quantitative models to analyze and predict the performance of Affirm’s consumer loans
Provide insights on capital markets deals to cross-functional teams for more optimal and efficient funding strategy and merchant pricing
Partner cross-functionally with our Capital Markets, Treasury, Merchant Pricing, Credit, Commercial, Product and Engineering teams to evaluate funding, product, and business decisions

What We Look For

4+ years of relevant experience structuring asset-backed transactions, forecasting consumer loan performance, and/or building quantitative models
Experience with industry-standard tools such as Intex/Bloomberg and working with accountants, rating agencies, and internal/external partners
Experience with SQL, Python, or other scripting languages
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, and ability to collaborate and influence across different teams in the organization
A proactive leader that can seek out new opportunities, drive projects, navigate ambiguity and develop creative solutions with minimal guidance
Desire to understand the broader context of business decisions

Pay Grade - CAN29

Employees new to Affirm or promoted into a new role, typically begin in the min to mid range.

CAN Base Pay Range Per Year

Min: $105,300

Mid: $131,600

Max: $157,900

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.

Benefits

We’re extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include:

 Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
 Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses 
 Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge 
 ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount 

We believe It’s On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.

[For U.S. positions that could be performed in Los Angeles or San Francisco] Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, Affirm will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

By clicking "Submit Application," you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
About the job
Description

ROSEN is a leading privately owned company established in 1981. Over the last 4 decades, ROSEN has grown rapidly and is today a worldwide technology group that operates in more than 120 countries with almost 4000 employees. We offer sophisticated and highly innovative products and services to the oil and gas and other engineering industries.

ROSEN Canada is the leading provider of Asset Integrity Services to clients throughout Canada. We work collaboratively to get the job done, recognizing that each person is integral to meet the needs of our clients and to continue to be a leader in what we do.

Due to our ongoing organic growth, we are currently seeking a qualified permanent full-time Data Analyst to join our Evaluation team in Calgary, Alberta. The Data Analyst shall provide the ability to interact with staff in a fast-paced environment, while remaining flexible, proactive, resourceful and efficient, with a high level of professionalism and confidentiality is crucial to this role.

The Data Analyst receives pipeline in-line inspection data, checks for quality and quantity using proprietary software in accordance with company procedure, with emphasis on optimizing parameters for accuracy and efficiency.

Responsibilities:

 In line inspection data assessment;
 Integration and confirmation of supplementary data;
 Data Preparation and processing;
 Data Analysis;
 Feature categorization and evaluation;
 Feature sizing;
 Application of anomaly interaction rules;
 Standard & non-standard analysis;
 Organize and report ILI tool results as per client requirements;
 Maintain personal skills/certifications, and complete additional training as required;
 Additional related duties as assigned. 

Requirements

 A minimum of 1-3 years of previous Data Analysis experience is required;
 Must have valid work authorization in Canada. 
 Post-secondary education or technical certification is required;

Qualification or Skills:

 Previous Pipeline In-line Inspection Data Analysis experience is an asset;
 Level 1, 2 and 3 Data Analysis is an asset;
 Previous experience with Caliper, Inertial and MFL analysis is an asset;
 Superior troubleshooting skills - determine causes of operating errors and make sound decisions about next actions - ability to solve problems & look for improvements;
 Advanced English communication skills (written and verbal) are required – ability to receive and communicate technical information accurately and timely;
 Strong computer and software skills;
 Strong attention to detail, ability to work on a computer for extended periods of time;
 Ability to pass a color blindness test;
 The ability and flexibility to travel on an infrequent basis for work and/or training;
 Highly motivated to contribute to the evaluation department team goals and able to work independently;
 Ability to work flexible hours with the potential of overtime (evening/weekend) based on business needs;

OUR OFFER

ROSEN offers a competitive compensation package, including a comprehensive benefit plan, Health & Wellness program, RRSP matching, flexible work hours, a great learning environment, interesting & challenging work and the opportunity for career advancement.

To apply on this exciting and challenging opportunity, please apply online at www.rosen-group.com. Please note only those candidates selected for interview will be contacted – no phone calls please.
About the job
At CN, we work together to move our company—and North America—forward. Be part of our Information & Technology (I&T) team, a critical piece of the engine that keeps us in motion. From enterprise architecture to operational technology, our teams use the agile methodology to automate and digitize our railroad ensuring our operations run optimally and safely and our employees can focus on value-added tasks. You will be able to develop your skills and career in our close-knit, safety-focused culture working together as ONE TEAM. The careers we offer are meaningful because the work we do matters. Join us!   Job Summary 

The Expert, Data Analysis is responsible for conducting detailed analysis and providing access to advanced analytics solutions to solve business problems, while leveraging statistical and optimization techniques. The role handles and governs large quantities of data from multiple data sources, including the ability to merge it and ensure its consistency. Moreover, the role encompasses the development and creation of visualization and analysis tools to be used by internal stakeholders. It involves seeking out and understanding new data sources, merging it with other sources, and modelling in order to provide a consumable format for analysis and presentation at an executive level. The incumbent contributes to enabling automation and supports better and faster data-driven decisions making in virtually every aspect of its business.

 Main Responsibilities   Data Management & Analytics 

Find and interpret rich data sources, merge and ensure consistency of datasets
Handle large amounts of data despite hardware, software, and bandwidth constraints
Query large datasets and link related factors to reveal performance, safety or cost-saving opportunities
Analyze data, spot trends, and bring change to the organization
Develop initiatives to assist Financial Planning team in leveraging data to draw causal relationships between financial information and operating KPIs in the respective functions (Transportation, Engineering, Mechanical, etc.)
Assist in understanding sensitivities, impacts of change, and draw insights on action items that can positively impact operations while being cognizant of ripple effects on other areas of the business.
Use data science techniques to find data patterns, anomalies, and optimization opportunities
Interpret, translate, and communicate analytical findings to business stakeholders
Tackle and solve complex analytical problems using quantitative approaches

 Data reporting and visualisation 

Create visualizations to aid in understanding data and build mathematical models
Provide analytical support by creating and sharing regular and ad hoc reports as required in a format that can be easily consumed and interpreted by internal customers
Develop and optimize Tableau and Power BI reports and applications to deliver simplified analytics to support insight development

Center of Expertise

Stay abreast of market best practices
Autonomously identify the best approach, process, and tools for the function
Educate internal stakeholders on data visualization

 Working Conditions 

The role has standard working conditions in an office environment with a regular workweek from Monday to Friday. The role is eligible to participate in CN’s flexible work policy. Due to the nature of the role, the incumbent must be able to meet tight deadlines, handle pressure, and stress.

Requirements Experience

Relational Databases and Modeling

Minimum 10 years overall work experience
Minimum 5-7 years experience in a technical expert role, with relational databases and modeling techniques and coding (e.g., Structured Query Language (SQL) Server)
Experience developing dashboards and interactive analytical tools and visualizations
Experience handling various types of data (unstructured, semi-structured and structured)
Experience handling projects, (e.i.: scope and timeline), delivering results with an Agile approach

 Education/Certification/Designation 

Bachelor’s Degree in Business Administration, Computer Sciences, Software Engineering, Statistics or equivalent degree and experience

 Competencies 

Demonstrates agility and drives change
Knows the business and stays current on industry needs
Communicates with impact
Collaborates with others and shares information
Demonstrates active listening
Solves problems to create value

Technical Skills/Knowledge

Expert-level skills and usage of Microsoft Office (Excel and Access), Tableau and Power BI
Expansive knowledge of financial metrics, data, and business intelligence strategies
Knowledge polyglot databases (SQL, NoSQL, Graph, Search, Time-Series)
Knowledge of business intelligence (OLAP, cubes, Power BI, Tableau)
Knowledge of programming languages (SQL, Python, R, Scala)

About CN

CN is a world-class transportation leader and trade-enabler. Essential to the economy, to the customers, and to the communities it serves, CN safely transports more than 300 million tons of natural resources, manufactured products, and finished goods throughout North America every year. As the only railroad connecting Canada’s Eastern and Western coasts with the Southern tip of the U.S. through a 19,500 mile rail network, CN and its affiliates have been contributing to community prosperity and sustainable trade since 1919. CN is committed to programs supporting social responsibility and environmental stewardship. At CN, we work as ONE TEAM, focused on safety, sustainability and our customers, providing operational and supply chain excellence to deliver results.

At CN, we are dedicated to building North America’s safest, most inclusive and sustainable railroad, which includes reflecting the communities in which we operate. Research shows that candidates from underrepresented groups often don’t apply unless they feel they fit the job posting at 100%. Even if you don’t see yourself in every job requirement listed in a posting, we still encourage you to apply. If you require an accommodation for the recruitment process (including alternate formats of materials, accessible meeting rooms or other accommodations), please reach out to our team at cnrecruitment@cn.ca.

As an equal employment opportunity employer, all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, protected veteran status, and other protected status as required by applicable law. We thank all applicants for their interest, however, only candidates under consideration will be contacted. Please monitor your email on a regular basis, as communication is primarily made through email.
About the job
Req Id: 416312

At Bell, we do more than build world-class networks, develop innovative services and create original multiplatform media content – we advance how Canadians connect with each other and the world.

If you’re ready to bring game-changing ideas to life and join a community that values, professional growth and employee wellness, we want you on the Bell team.

Bell’s forward-thinking Customer Operations team is creating the ultimate service experience for our residential, wireless and small business consumers. We lead strategic development and execution of day-to-day operations, develop tools and processes to drive service enhancements, manage customer loyalty and retention, and leverage big data and artificial intelligence to create intellectual property.

Summary

Bell’s Business Intelligence (BI) Group is responsible for the management and optimization of BI data, systems, and analytics used to create marketing contact strategies, analyze customer behaviour, automate business insight processes and provide insight to drive business decisions.

This is an excellent opportunity for the right person to join our team and play a key role transforming the organization. If you enjoy working with the latest analytics tools and technologies to apply various analysis techniques then this may be the right job for you!

Our people are making big things happen across the country, nourished constantly by growth, training and personal development opportunities. Our passionate, dedicated leaders encourage and empower people to grow and succeed.

Key Responsibilities

This is an Agile development environment, working with the latest BI visualization tools and technologies
Working with a team of BI analysts whilst helping to maintain and build new reporting analytical capabilities
Analysis, delivery of business requests/issues/requirements, and conducting quality assurance testing for all BI deliverables supporting Sales & Marketing business functions
Excellent leadership and communication skills required to work well with business users, other analysis teams, development teams, and IT teams
Deliver on key projects and data strategies that directly support key business drivers 
Work with and opportunity to present to various management levels 
Maintain and expand your knowledge of BI and current technology through training opportunities

Critical Qualifications

You have a Bachelors degree, or Masters with minimal work experience, in a discipline such as:
Business analytics / business intelligence
applied math, 
computer science,
applied science / engineering,
economics/econometrics, 
Commerce
management science / operations research
or related area
You have knowledge of, and experience with, SQL, SAS, and data visualization tools
You are highly analytical and understand the basic principles of working with large and complex data sets
You have the ability to leverage insights and opportunities from data and metrics to build strategies and make recommendations
You have the ability to work with a team towards common goals
You are able to manage multiple projects and priorities. 
You are a self starter who is comfortable working with and presenting to all management levels (CP2 to EVP)
Preferred Qualifications

Experience with data systems such as Oracle, SQL Server, Teradata, SAS, MicroStrategy or others
Experience with BI and data warehouse technologies
Basic working knowledge of project management steps

Additional Information

Position Type: Management

Job Status: Regular - Full Time

Job Location: Canada : Ontario : Mississauga

Flexible work profile: Mobile

Application Deadline: 01/19/2024

Please apply directly online to be considered for this role. Applications through email will not be accepted.

At Bell, we don’t just accept difference - we celebrate it. We’re committed to fostering an inclusive, equitable, and accessible workplace where every team member feels valued, respected, and supported, and has the opportunity to reach their full potential. We welcome and encourage applications from people with disabilities.

Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. For a confidential inquiry, simply email your recruiter directly or recruitment@bell.ca to make arrangements. If you have questions regarding accessible employment at Bell please email our Diversity & Inclusion Team at inclusion@bell.ca.

Created: Canada, ON, Mississauga

Bell, one of Canada's Top 100 Employers.

416312
About the job
Aer Rianta International Inc. is a leading operator of duty-free shops at international airports. We are looking for a Retail Business Intelligence Analyst to support our future development. 
 Job Purpose: 
Reporting to the Head of Finance, the Retail Business Intelligence Analyst will track and monitor business performance by analysing appropriate retail data (sales, margin, stock, orders, etc.) providing insightful decision support to executives, senior management, operations and purchasing. This role will also provide data and analysis for monthly reporting, budgeting, forecasting, and business development.
 Key responsibilities:
 Analytics and Reporting:
· Preparation of regular reporting covering sales, gross margin, and stock, including data uploads, to highlight key trends.
· Perform various ad hoc analyses and reporting including category performance, promotional and marketing campaign analysis.
· Monitor and report on actual performance against budgets and forecasts. 
· Prepare statistical and economic forecasts to identify business trends.
· Assist in the preparation of budgets and forecasts.
· Complete month-end performance reports and KPIs.
Support:
· Provide ongoing coaching and support to users of the analytics platform across different departments.
· Be the focal point for ad-hoc queries on retail performance from executives and senior management.
· Train and support new users in BI tools.
· Test new solutions and functionalities put in place, with support from central BI.
· Monitor and validate data feeds into the analytics system for accuracy and completeness.
 Required Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Business, IT or related fields and/or MSc in Business Intelligence.
Minimum 3 years of experience in a similar role.
Experience working in retail and familiarity with retail performance metrics would be an asset.
Ability to interact with stakeholders across all levels of the organization.
Analytical mindset with strong problem-solving and critical thinking skills, seeking to derive key learnings and insight.
Ability to manage diverse workstreams and prioritise effectively. 
Advanced Microsoft Office skills (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) 
Experience with Targit or other BI tools training in relative BI tools will be provided. 
Knowledge of financial planning tools such as IBM Cognos or Oracle EBM would be an asset.
English and French (spoken and written).

What we offer:
· Culture of respect, diversity and inclusion, continuous improvement, and team spirit.
· Friendly and positive work environment, easily accessible by public transportation & free parking.
· Attractive benefits: dental coverage, comprehensive medical insurance, generous retirement plan, employee assistance program, telemedicine, and recognition programs.
· Discounts on purchases in our stores when you travel out of the country.
· Excellent training and development program.

Location: Hybrid
Job type: Full-time, Permanent
 Please note that we do not sponsor visa applications or conduct interviews abroad. We do not offer moving assistance. Please consider this if you decide to pursue your application.
About the job
At RONA, over 26,000 employees let their passion blossom every day. Our teams are driven by the desire to help people bring their projects to life and are committed to making a difference in the communities we serve.

We operate or service some 450 corporate and affiliated dealer stores. With a distinctive product and service offering and complementary store formats ranging from neighbourhood hardware stores to big box stores, our RONA, Lowe’s, Reno-Depot, and Dick’s Lumber banners are always looking for dedicated employees to help meet the needs of all DIYers and contractors.

You’ve got the talent? We’ve got the tools! Here, your work and ideas will contribute to building a flourishing organization. Your voice will always be heard and valued. You’ll find career opportunities that live up to your ambitions and be able to further develop your unique set of skills.

So if you’re looking to do what you love, we could be perfect for each other.

Our expectations:

Reporting to the Manager, Supply Chain Performance and Analytics, the Analyst, Data Science - Supply Chain, will play a pivotal role in supporting the Supply Chain Optimization team in driving operational excellence and continuous performance improvement across all supply chain functions. The incumbent will be responsible for providing executives with the necessary tools for informed decision-making related to supply chain operations. They will contribute by developing and maintaining BI tools, creating KPI dashboards for various Supply Chain teams, and utilizing technical expertise in data flows and extensive data sets.

This role demands strong business intelligence, technical and analytical skills, coupled with adaptability to thrive in a rapidly changing, fast-paced supply chain environment.

Your role:

Generate and deliver comprehensive and accurate reports and create visually compelling dashboards using BI tools (e.g., Power BI)
Design and implement data models that support business requirements, ensuring data integrity and optimizing structures for efficient querying and reporting
Collaborate with business leaders and cross-functional teams to understand BI needs,
Demonstrate proficiency in SQL, data warehousing, and ETL processes,
Develop and execute the organization's business intelligence strategy aligned with corporate goals.
Conduct thorough data analysis to derive actionable insights for informed decision-making.
Translate business requirements into technical specifications for effective BI solutions.
Proactively identify opportunities for process improvement and optimization.
Provide leadership in the BI domain, offering guidance to junior analysts and team members.
Serve as the Subject Matter Expert (SME) on BI projects, providing expertise and guidance.
Foster a culture of data-driven decision-making within the organization.

The qualifications we are looking for:

Bachelor’s degree in Engineering, Computer Science, or a related field
At least 5 years of experience in data preparation, data warehousing, and databases
At least 5 years of experience with MS Power BI, MicroStrategy, or comparable BI and analytics platforms
Advanced knowledge of SQL (Python skills an asset)
Proficiency with Microsoft Office 365 Suite, including advanced Excel features (pivot tables, Power Query)
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Access (tables, query, macro) and intermediate understanding of databases such as SQL Server and Oracle
Ability to manage and manipulate large datasets, ensuring data integrity
Experience in data mining from multiple systems, handling big data sets both external and internal
Experience in supply chain, transportation, or distribution (an asset)
Critical thinking and problem-solving skills
Experience in a context of transformational change and adaptability to evolving business needs
Proven ability to provide leadership and mentorship, especially in guiding junior analysts
Track record of providing high-quality deliverables on time and under pressure as well as managing priorities in a fast-paced environment

By joining the RONA family, you’ll enjoy many benefits, such as:

A fitness centre, sports activities, and showers
A childcare centre that can accommodate up to 78 children
A cafeteria with a delicious menu prepared by a dedicated chef, healthy options, as well as FARO Roasting Houses and Tim Hortons coffee stations
Exclusive employee discounts, plus a 10% discount on store merchandise (at all RONA Inc. locations)
Benefits:group insurance, retirement savings plan, annual bonuses, student incentive program, etc.
Electric car charging stations
Career growth opportunities within the company
An inclusive and safe working environment
Promotion of work-life balance
An employer that’s involved in the community
And much more!

The masculine generic is used without discrimination and only in order to simplify the text. RONA is committed to encouraging diversity and inclusion. We are pleased to consider applications from all qualified candidates, regardless of race, colour, religion, sexual orientation, gender, nationality, age, disability, or any other status protected by law.
About the job
Job Description

Senior Data Analyst

Lead I - Software Engineering

Who We Are

Born digital, UST transforms lives through the power of technology. We walk alongside our clients and partners, embedding innovation and agility into everything they do. We help them create transformative experiences and human-centered solutions for a better world.

UST is a mission-driven group of over 39,000+ practical problem solvers and creative thinkers in over 30+ countries. Our entrepreneurial teams are empowered to innovate, act nimbly, and create a lasting and sustainable impact for our clients, their customers, and the communities in which we live.

With us, you’ll create a boundless impact that transforms your career—and the lives of people across the world.

Visit us at UST.com .

You Are

The senior data analyst is responsible for analyzing business requirements and converting them into data requirements such as reports, data lifecycle management. They will analyze and interpret complex data sets to inform business decisions. The senior data analyst will also be expected to lead and mentor junior data analysts as well as communicate findings and recommendations to stakeholders and management.

The Opportunity

 Interpret the application/feature/component design to develop the same in accordance with specifications. 
 Code, debug, test, document and communicate product/component/feature development stages. 
 Validate results with user representatives; integrates and commissions the overall solution 
 Select appropriate technical options for development such as reusing, improving or reconfiguration of existing components or creating own solutions 
 Optimizes efficiency, cost and quality. 
 Influence and improve customer satisfaction 

This position description identifies the responsibilities and tasks typically associated with the performance of the position. Other relevant essential functions may be required.

What You Need

 Ability to work under pressure, determine dependencies, risks, facilitate planning; handling multiple tasks. 
 Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities 
 Programming languages – proficient in multiple skill clusters 
 Agile – Scrum or Kanban Methods 
 Knowledge of customer domain and deep understanding of sub domain where problem is solved 

What We Believe

We’re proud to embrace the same values that have shaped UST since the beginning. Since day one, we’ve been building enduring relationships and a culture of integrity. And today, it's those same values that are inspiring us to encourage innovation from everyone, to champion diversity and inclusion, and to place people at the center of everything we do.

Humility

We will listen, learn, be empathetic and help selflessly in our interactions with everyone.

Humanity

Through business, we will better the lives of those less fortunate than ourselves.

Integrity

We honor our commitments and act with responsibility in all our relationships.

Equal Employment Opportunity Statement

UST is an Equal Opportunity Employer.

All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or status as a protected veteran.

UST reserves the right to periodically redefine your roles and responsibilities based on the requirements of the organization and/or your performance.
About the job
Hello Applicants - Working on Toronto, Canada based job opportunity. Its a Fulltime role where my direct Fortune500 client is looking for "Business Data Analyst" to join their team. Along with Base salary you will be eligible to get PTO's, 401k Plan, Medical/Dental benefits & more.

Top skills HM would like to see in candidate:
· Proficient in creating, maintain BRD’s (Business Requirement Documents)
· Data manipulation, handling using SQL
· Some insurance background experience (Life & Health preferred)
 Description:
Candidate should have relevant experience to identify, prioritize and help deliver various data products within the organization. Perform requirement gathering for identified data products and work closely with technical teams, data engineers to execute data product delivery.
 Skills:
· 5+ years experience in handling data products, data strategy type projects.
· Can perform data analysis and business analyst responsibilities.
· Create, maintain BRD’s for identified data product, strategy initiative.
· Proficient in data handling, manipulation using common tools – SQL, Excel.
· Identify, prioritize and help deliver various data products within the organization.
· Emphasis on implementing data strategy initiatives for eg. merging internal data with third party data to create data asset for data consumers etc.
· Work with technical teams, data engineers to execute data product delivery.
· Perform data product business value mapping and communicate to stakeholders.
· Manage day-to-day project operations, serve as the functional and domain expert on the project team to ensure that they meet client expectations.
· Master's degree in economics, mathematics, computer science/engineering, operations research or related analytics areas; candidates with BA/BS degrees in the same fields from the top tier academic institutions are also welcome to apply.
Technical: SQL, Python, Data Analysis, Database tools, Data Exploration, Data Visualisation, Insight Generation
About the job
Status: Full-time
Reporting to: Supervisor, Master Data Services
 Job Scope:
Reporting to the Supervisor of Mater Data Services (MDS), the primary responsibility of this role is to support the company’s master data accuracy, ensuring overall data integrity is maintained in Gay Lea’s business applications, including the ERP and Warehouse Management Systems by analyzing business request for compliance and accuracy prior to data entry. This position specializes in identifying, investigating, and resolving master data discrepancies and providing master data support to all Gay Lea departments as required (e.g. audits, balancing accounts, reporting). 
 Key Responsibilities: 
Review, analyze and consult with the business to ensure data/field accuracy for the intended data location
Input, monitor and maintain consistency and integrity of master data
Identify, analyze and resolve data issues and/or system errors
Apply data audit and validation methods and procedures to ensure data quality
Utilized internal Master Data field library to collaborate with the data owners on ensure data and field compliance. Escalate to data governance council when required
Understand end-to-end business processes to provide data management and integrity expertise
Meet service level agreements as agreed upon with the business
Complete daily, weekly and monthly data integrity tasks
Provide daily support of the ERP and Warehouse Management Systems; manage and resolve support tickets
Contribute to the continuous improvement of the department
 Qualifications: 
Post-Secondary education in Business or Computer Programming
Excellent attention to detail with a high level of accuracy
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills
Proficient with computers (Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook)
Advanced knowledge of Microsoft Excel for data manipulation
SQL experience is considered an asset
Solid organizational and multi-tasking skills with the ability to work in a fast-paced environment
Effective communication and interpersonal skills (written and verbal)
Previous experience with D365 /other ERP or Warehouse Management System is an asset

Gay Lea Foods is a proud Canadian-owned dairy food and beverage company with a robust portfolio that includes 7 established brands such as Gay Lea Butter, Nordica Cottage Cheese, Ivanhoe Cheese, Salerno Cheese, and Hewitt’s Dairy. Our wide range of products are sold in Retail, Foodservice, Industrial, Co-pack, and Export markets, developed and produced out of our 13 manufacturing facilities in Ontario and Alberta.
Delivering high-quality and innovative products - from the consumer favourite Spreadables and North America’s first Smooth™ Cottage Cheese, to Nothing But Cheese™, an innovative snack made with 100% cheese, is what makes us market leaders in our categories. Our grassroots approach to business is what guides our direction and differentiates us from our competitors.
 Our employees inspire our culture of excellence and entrepreneurship. We hire innovative and passionate professionals who know that greatness is achieved through people, partnerships, and acting with a business owner mindset. 
For more about us visit: http://www.gaylea.com 
Gay Lea Foods is an equal-opportunity employer and values diversity in our workplace.
Reasonable accommodation is available upon request throughout our recruitment and selection process.
 Thank you for your interest in Gay Lea Foods.
About the job
theScore, a wholly-owned subsidiary of PENN Entertainment , empowers millions of sports fans through its digital media and sports betting products. Its media app ‘theScore’ is one of the most popular in North America, delivering fans highly personalized live scores, news, stats, and betting information from their favorite teams, leagues, and players. theScore’s sports betting app ‘theScore Bet Sportsbook & Casino’ delivers an immersive and holistic mobile sports betting and iCasino experience. theScore Bet is currently live in the Company's home province of Ontario. theScore also creates and distributes innovative digital content through its web, social and esports platforms.

About The Role

We are looking to expand our Marketing Analytics function by bringing on a Marketing Insights Analyst, predominantly focused on theScore Bet’s Sportsbook marketing efforts. As a Marketing Insights Analyst, you will work closely with the Sportsbook Marketing Insights Manager and provide insightful and actionable analysis for the Sportsbook marketing team to help the business with recommendations on commercial decisions, in areas such as acquisition, retention, CRM, promotional spend, cross-sell and other customer behaviours.

Typical Workday at theScore

Build and interpret the suite of daily, weekly and monthly dashboards to identify key areas for deeper dive analysis.
Deliver ad-hoc analyses on the success of promotional campaigns 
Proactively identify gaps and opportunities and deliver clear and actionable insights based on performance data, with the ability to assess impact and effectively communicate these opportunities across the marketing team and organisation at large.
Provide accurate costing estimates for promotional campaigns
Utilise customer segmentation to improve the understanding of our customer base, and how best to optimise marketing efforts. 
Implement a commercial and ROI-based approach to marketing insights and proposed activity.
Ensure at all times the implementation of responsible gaming practices.
Work cross-functionally with the product, analytics, finance, legal and compliance teams to ensure effective communication and workflow.
Regularly present findings to key stakeholders, and work closely with the Sportsbook Marketing Director to come up with strategies that will drive performance across the business, including delivery of weekly and monthly performance reports & insights.
Other duties as required.


About You

Post-secondary degree in a relevant field, such as mathematics, business or other fields with analytical discipline, would be an advantage.
Data obsessed, not just data driven and with the ability to gather and interpret data.
Excellent mathematical, analytical and problem solving skills.
Ability to work in a fast paced environment independently. 
Exceptional communication skills, able to communicate findings to all areas of the business.
Must have experience with SQL, BI tooling and Excel at an advanced level.
Python experience is considered an asset.
Strong sports and sports betting experience/knowledge is highly desired.


What We Offer

Competitive salary
Comprehensive Benefits package
Fun, relaxed work environment
Education and conference reimbursements


theScore is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability or age.
About the job
Location: Montreal (Hybrid - 3 days a week/Day 1 onboarding)
Job Position: Business Intelligence Analyst

You will be reporting to the Innovation Data & Analytics lead based in Montreal with peers based locally and stakeholders predominantly located in New York. Working with cross-functional teams, you will be analyzing unstructured data, creating intuitive, informative reports and visualizations, to better advise senior leaders across the Firm.

Responsibilities:
Lead various BI projects by collaborating with Innovation stakeholders, collecting business intelligence data from multiple sources, and building new dashboards on Power BI.
Analyze data and identify trends to present actional insights to the Firm’s leadership and support strategic decision-making
Prepare analytical reports to summarize findings and share with the appropriate stakeholders using PowerPoint through established communication processes.
Own the data governance process: Develop methods to improve data collection and metric calculation across the Innovation organization, ensuring the data is accurate and fit for purpose.
Maintain and upscale existing reports and dashboards created on Power BI and Excel.

Skills:
Bachelor's degree in relevant field preferred, or equivalent experience required.
5 to 7 years of demonstrated professional experience generating actionable insights in a large-scale environment.
Prior consulting from either a large/strategic consultancy or internal consultancy is strongly preferred.
Experience building dashboards on Power BI
Demonstrated research skills and experience discerning powerful insights from various sources of data.
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, including presentation skills.
Ability and interest in working in a fast-paced and rapidly changing environment.
Intellectual curiosity and interest in Technology
About the job
Working Here
At CARFAX Canada, we’re more than just obsessed with cars. We’re obsessed with data and using it to help millions of Canadians buy, sell and maintain cars - but you can learn that on our website. Let’s talk about the sweet perks you’ll get when working here (i.e. what you actually want to know): Some days you’ll be taking in-house leadership training courses, other days you’ll be eating a catered lunch with your team mates. Grab a seat in the state-of-the-art office at 100 Kellogg Lane and collaborate the day away. What’s that, it’s the summer? Well, the 4-day work weeks have kicked in; enjoy those extra paid days off! Why not use one of your paid volunteer days to give back to your community? What else can we list? Competitive wages, amazing benefits like a wellness spending fund, a company-matched pension program, monthly “work from anywhere” days, yearly performance-based bonuses, health and wellness programs, a literal award-winning culture, parental leave top-ups and all kinds of social events. To top all of this off, every day you get to choose how you get to do meaningful work with incredible people. So, looks like we’re obsessed with a few things here – data and our people!
Job Details
CARFAX Canada is excited to announce the position of Senior Data Insights Analyst. In this role, you will work on-site from our London, ON office and report to the Director Data Insights and Governance. 
The Senior Data Insights Analyst will work closely with our Product, Data Acquisition, and Business Development teams to analyze the unique nature and value in new prospective data sources, validate business logic to increase our return on investment from the data we have and bring new fact-based perspectives to prove out new ideas.
The Senior Data Insights Analyst will possess strong Microsoft Azure experience including Azure Synapse, SQL, PowerBI, and emerging Microsoft tools to bring artificial intelligence and machine learning to the table in our analyses and to leverage productivity and effectiveness as we explore big data.
Position Responsibilities
Act as a subject matter expert with a thorough understanding of the data and its lineage.
Contribute to the team’s data governance practice.
Contribute to strategic initiatives and data-first business opportunities.
Represent Data Insights on enterprise roadmap projects, providing business-focused data validation, analysis, and modeling as required.
Respond to industry and business needs with creative approaches to build, test, and validate new logic as we combine multiple data sources to draw accurate conclusions.
Proactively seek new and undiscovered opportunities within our data libraries in the form of new products, insights.
Provide leadership and advocacy across the business, promoting the importance of enterprise data capabilities and how they factor into corporate growth targets.
Identify, research and resolve problems to maintain standards of data quality and accuracy.
Education and Experience Required
Post-secondary education, college diploma or university degree in Computer Science or Engineering.
5 + years of experience working with large data sets in a professional setting.
Provable ability to deliver tailored complex solutions to suit nontechnical audiences
Strong experience with BI Solutions (PowerBI, Cognos, Tableau, etc.). 
Strong experience with SQL Query, Azure Data Studio, statistical analysis software such as SPSS, SAS, R, Python 
Ability to work with stakeholders to identify and define business requirements and business rules
Experience in business data analytics an asset (i.e. Financial valuations, quality assessments).
Knowledge of data governance practices and approaches include data policies, data lineage.
Excellent communication and presentation skills to share recommendations and findings in a clear, concise manner to a technical and non-technical audience.
Strong problem-solving skills and an ability to use data to drive strategic business decisions.
Equal Opportunity Employer
CARFAX Canada is an equal opportunity employer, and all qualified candidates will receive consideration for employment without regard to race/ethnicity, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, marital status, military veteran status, unemployment status, or any other status protected by law.
We’re committed to providing accommodations by request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the recruitment and selection process. For a confidential inquiry or to request an accommodation, please contact your recruiter or email hr@carfax.ca.
If you are interested in applying for this position, please visit our website https://www.carfax.ca/careers. Applications will be accepted until a suitable candidate is hired.
We thank all applicants for their interest; however only those selected for an interview will be contacted.
About Us
CARFAX’s mission is to help millions of people shop, buy, service and sell used cars with more confidence. As a leader in vehicle history and valuation, CARFAX provides impartial and comprehensive information for consumers and the automotive industry. CARFAX‘s Canadian headquarters in London, Ontario supports Canadian and U.S. markets, drawing on billions of data records from thousands of sources, enabling used vehicle buyers and sellers to make informed decisions. CARFAX is consistently recognized as a top employer and business. CARFAX is a part of S&P Global (NYSE: SPGI). Find out more at www.carfax.ca and connect with CARFAX on Instagram, Facebook and LinkedIn.
About the job
Description

At Amazon, we're working to be the most customer-centric company on earth. To get there, we need exceptionally talented, bright, and driven people. If you'd like to help us build the place to find and buy anything online, this is your chance to make history. Amazon Canada Fulfillment Services is hiring a Data Analyst to support the Inventory Control / Quality Assurance (ICQA) team. The Data Analyst assigned to ICQA will work closely with the ICQA and operations teams in Inbound and Outbound to provide data and analytical support for ACES initiatives, root cause investigation of defects, and will provide support to ensure compliance to ICQA-related SoX requirements. The Data Analyst will own the insights, set up analysis, and create automated dashboards and reporting. They will be responsible for identifying data sources (internal / external) to invent and simplify mechanisms and create custom reporting and analytics automation tools. Operating in a fast-moving and sometimes ambiguous environment, you will be required to work autonomously, taking full control and responsibility for achieving business objectives. This role provides real opportunity to develop original ideas, approaches and solutions in an ever-changing and competitive business climate.

Key job responsibilities

 Development of data collection processes and data management systems
 Maintenance of data integrity (0% error rate)
 Designing of queries, compiling of data, and generation of reports in MS Excel
 Charting and graphing of data for reporting purposes
 In depth research of defect trends
 Data collection and entry as needed
 Data mining and problem solving
 Back up for Process Assistant duties

We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations:

Bolton, ON, CAN

Basic Qualifications

 2+ years of professional or military experience
 Experience with Microsoft Office products and applications

Preferred Qualifications

 Experience with end-to-end project management

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, or other legally protected status. If you would like to request an accommodation, please notify your Recruiter.


Company - Amazon Canada Fulfillment Services, ULC.

Job ID: A2542623
About the job
Analyste de Données Opérationnelles Corporatif

En tant qu'Analyste de Données Opérationnelles Corporatif, vous serez un contributeur clé à notre processus décisionnel axé sur les données. Ce rôle nécessite un haut degré d'autonomie et une approche proactive en ce qui concerne l'apprentissage et la résolution de problèmes. Vous êtes capable de vous adapter aux besoins de l'entreprise, êtes curieux et avez un esprit investi afin de développer une compréhension des opérations et de faire le lien entre les données, les opérations et le marché. Vous serez responsable d'analyser et d'interpréter de manière indépendante les données opérationnelles pour soutenir les décisions de tarification stratégiques au sein de notre organisation. En collaboration avec des équipes interfonctionnelles au sein du groupe d'entreprises (responsables de division, professionnels des ventes et responsables des opérations), vous recueillerez, traiterez et analyserez les données pour fournir des informations exploitables qui amélioreront l'efficacité opérationnelle et optimiseront les stratégies de tarification. Une compréhension des opérations/du marché du transport est un atout majeur.
 Rôle
Effectuer de façon indépendante des analyses approfondie des données opérationnelles pour identifier les tendances et les pistes d'amélioration.
Collaborer avec l'équipe de tarification corporative pour développer et mettre en œuvre des stratégies de tarification basées sur les données.
Générer/mettre à jour des rapports, communiquer les indicateurs clés de performance et les notions aux parties prenantes.
Travailler de manière indépendante en étroite collaboration avec différents départements pour comprendre les exigences commerciales, en veillant à l'exactitude et à l'intégrité des données.
Identifier de manière proactive des opportunités d'amélioration des processus et des gains d'efficacité grâce à l'analyse des données.
Démontrer un vif intérêt pour rester informé des tendances de l'industrie et des meilleures pratiques en analyse de données, contribuant aux initiatives d'amélioration continue.
Servir de support aux analystes de tarification, capable de comprendre la dynamique du marché et comment établir les tarifs.
 Compétences recherchées
Pensée analytique et approche structurée
Proactif(ve), capable d'être autonome et de trouver des solutions de manière indépendante.
Capacité à gérer plusieurs tâches et à établir des priorités dans un environnement rapide
Habilité à communiquer de façon efficiente, et aptitude pour la collaboration avec des équipes diverses.
Excellentes compétences en résolution de problèmes et souci du détail.
Intérêt pour des responsabilités grandissantes
 Exigences
Baccalauréat dans un domaine d’étude lié au poste ou combinaison d’études et d’expériences pertinentes.
Connaissance avancée de Microsoft Excel
Anglais (parlé/écrit)

   Corporate Operational Data Analyst
 As a Corporate Operational Data Analyst, you will be a key contributor to our data-driven decision-making process. This role requires a high degree of autonomy and a proactive approach to learning and problem-solving. You are able to adapt based of company needs, you are curious and have an invested mind, in order to develop an understanding of the operations and make the connections between the data, the operation, and the market. You will be responsible for independently analyzing and interpreting operational data to support strategic pricing decisions within our organization. Collaborating with cross-functional teams within the group of companies (division leaders, sales professionals, and operations leaders), you will gather, process, and analyze data to provide actionable insights that enhance operational efficiency and optimize pricing strategies. A comprehension of operations/truckload business is a major plus.

 Key Responsibilities:
  Independently conduct thorough analysis of operational data to identify trends, patterns, and areas for improvement.
Collaborate with the Corporate Pricing Team to develop and implement data-driven pricing strategies.
Generate/update regular reports, communicating key performance indicators and insights to stakeholders.
Independently work closely with various departments to understand business requirements, ensuring data accuracy and integrity.
Proactively identify opportunities for process improvement and efficiency gains through data analysis.
Demonstrate a strong interest in staying updated on industry trends and best practices in data analytics, contributing to continuous improvement initiatives.
Serve as a backup to the Pricing Analysts, able to understand the market dynamics and how to price freight.
  Required skills
Analytical thinking, and structured methodology
Proactive, and ability to be self-directed and figure out solutions independently.
Ability to handle multiple tasks and prioritize in a fast-paced environment.
Effective communication and collaboration skills to work across diverse teams.
Excellent problem-solving skills and attention to detail.
Interest in growing responsibilities
  Requirements
Bachelor's degree in a field of study related to the position or a combination of studies and relevant experience.
Strong Microsoft Excel skills
English (speaking/writing)
About the job
Description de poste

En tant qu'analyste BI senior, vous serez responsable de convertir les capacités numériques et analytiques en action pour obtenir un avantage concurrentiel. En utilisant vos compétences en Databricks, Python, SQL, Power BI avec d'autres solutions d‘ Azure, vous serez amené à collecter, nettoyer et traiter, analyser, interpréter et présenter des résultats cruciaux de tous les types et tailles d'ensembles de données dans des formats visuels.

Fonctions et responsabilités

Qualifications requises :

 Diplôme en informatique BAC minimum, en informatique décisionnelle ou dans un domaine connexe.
 Expérience préalable en développement de solution BI/Analytique de plus de 5 ans, de préférence avec des outils tels que Microsoft Power BI, Azure Datafactory, Databricks ou équivalents.
 Connaissance des concepts ETL et de modélisation de données.
 Compétences en SQL pour l'extraction et la manipulation de données.
 Capacité à travailler en équipe dans un environnement Agile Safe et à communiquer efficacement.
 Souci du détail et orientation vers la qualité.

Environnement : Databricks, Data Lake, Power BI, Azure DevOps, Azure Data Factory, SQL.

Qualités requises pour réussir dans ce rôle

#LZ2092

Allier savoir et faire

Alors que la technologie s’inscrit au cœur de la transformation numérique de nos clients, nous savons que les individus sont au cœur du succès en affaires.

Lorsque vous rejoignez CGI, vous devenez un conseiller de confiance, collaborant avec vos collègues et clients pour proposer des idées exploitables qui produisent des résultats concrets et durables. Nous appelons nos employés "membres" parce qu’ils sont actionnaires et propriétaires de CGI. Ils ont du plaisir à travailler et à grandir ensemble pour bâtir une entreprise dont nous sommes fiers. C’est notre rêve depuis 1976. Il nous a menés là où nous sommes aujourd’hui – l’une des plus importantes entreprises indépendantes de conseil en technologie de l’information (TI) et en management au monde.

Chez CGI, nous reconnaissons la richesse que la diversité nous apporte. Nous aspirons à créer une culture à laquelle nous appartenons tous et collaborons avec nos clients pour créer des communautés plus inclusives. En tant qu’employeur qui prône l’égalité des chances pour tous, nous voulons donner à tous nos membres les moyens de réussir et de s’épanouir. Si vous avez besoin d’un accompagnement spécifique durant le processus de recrutement et d’intégration, veuillez nous en informer. Nous serons heureux de vous aider.

Prêt à faire partie d’une entreprise qui est gage d’excellence? Rejoignez CGI – où vos idées et vos actions changent la donne.
About the job
Description

At Amazon, we're working to be the most customer-centric company on earth. To get there, we need exceptionally talented, bright, and driven people. If you'd like to help us build the place to find and buy anything online, this is your chance to make history.

Amazon Canada Fulfillment Services is hiring a Data Analyst to support the Inventory Control / Quality Assurance (ICQA) team. The Data Analyst assigned to ICQA will work closely with the ICQA and operations teams in Inbound and Outbound to provide data and analytical support for ACES initiatives, root cause investigation of defects, and will provide support to ensure compliance to ICQA-related SoX requirements.

The Data Analyst will own the insights, set up analysis, and create automated dashboards and reporting. They will be responsible for identifying data sources (internal / external) to invent and simplify mechanisms and create custom reporting and analytics automation tools. Operating in a fast-moving and sometimes ambiguous environment, you will be required to work autonomously, taking full control and responsibility for achieving business objectives. This role provides real opportunity to develop original ideas, approaches and solutions in an ever-changing and competitive business climate.

Key job responsibilities

 Development of data collection processes and data management systems
 Maintenance of data integrity (0% error rate)
 Designing of queries, compiling of data, and generation of reports in MS Excel
 Charting and graphing of data for reporting purposes
 In depth research of defect trends
 Data collection and entry as needed
 Data mining and problem solving
 Back up for Process Assistant duties

We are open to hiring candidates to work out of one of the following locations:

Hamilton, ON, CAN

Basic Qualifications

 2+ years of professional or military experience
 1+ years of working with computers and Microsoft Office products and applications experience
 High school or equivalent diploma
 Experience with Microsoft Office products and applications
 Can lift up to 49 pounds, stand/walk during shifts lasting up to 12 hours, and be able to frequently push, pull, squat, bend, and reach
 Work 40 hours/week, and overtime as required
 Work a flexible schedule/shift/work area, including weekends, nights, and/or holidays
 Are 18 years of age or older

Preferred Qualifications

 Experience with end-to-end project management

Amazon s’engage à créer un milieu de travail diversifié et inclusif. Amazon est un employeur qui offre à tous les mêmes opportunités et ne fait pas de discrimination fondée sur la race, l’origine nationale, le sexe, l’identité sexuelle, l’orientation sexuelle, le statut d’ancien combattant protégé, le handicap, l’âge ou autres statuts protégés par la loi. Les personnes handicapées qui souhaitent présenter une demande d’accommodement, sont invitées à aviser leur recruteur.

Amazon is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. Amazon is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, disability, age, or other legally protected status. If you would like to request an accommodation, please notify your Recruiter.


Company - Amazon Canada Fulfillment Services, ULC.

Job ID: A2537969
About the job
ERCO Worldwide has operated for over 100 years, focused largely on the production and supply of in-organic products along with technology for the production of chlorine dioxide. Today, ERCO’s major business areas include sodium chlorate, chlor-alkali products, sodium chlorite, and chlorine dioxide technology.

The ERCO business serves a number of key customer segments including pulp and paper, food, energy, agriculture, water treatment, airport de-icing, fertilizers and specialty chemicals.

 Business Intelligence Analyst 

ERCO Worldwide’s century-long tradition of excellence has firmly established its reputation for providing reliable, intelligent, and environmentally responsible manufacturing on a global scale. As one of the largest suppliers of Chlorine Dioxide technology in the world, we are devoted to building genuine customer relationships and delivering innovative, sustainable chemical solutions that improve lives and the health of our planet. It’s our goal to make everyone’s lives more productive, convenient, enjoyable, and safe.

 Our Vision: 

To be a leader in delivering innovative and sustainable chemical solutions that improve lives and the health of our planet.

 Our Mission: 

We endeavour to provide unmatched value and expertise through sustainable, intelligent, and reliable products and solutions, creating genuine customer relationships.

 Job Summary: 

As a BI Analyst, you will be a Subject Matter Expert (SME) in Business Intelligence technologies and tools. You will work with users and IT teams to turn data into critical information and knowledge for sound business decisions, and ensure the information is easily available to users for direct consumption or integration with other systems. You will also educate and train users to use analytical tools for analysis, decision-making and option exploration. The successful job incumbent will determine business requirements, priorities, define key performance indicators (KPI) and develop BI strategies, while also designing and developing dashboards, alerts, and reports.

 Major Duties and Responsibilities: 

 Design, develop, test, and implement systems for BI reporting and analysis 
 Provide technical support for existing reports, dashboards, or other tools 
 Manage timely flow of business intelligence information to users 
 Prepare and maintain BI reporting and analysis documentations 
 BI and database systems administration 
 Manage upgrades, maintenance and troubleshooting of BI systems 


 Educational Requirements: 

 3-6 years’ experience in BI Technology and Tools 
 College Diploma in Computer Science or related field 
 Bachelor’s Degree in Computer Science is an asset 
 Certificate in BI is preferred 
 Power BI training is an asset 


 Why Work for ERCO? 

 Competitive Benefits: 
 Company Pension Plan 
 Health and Dental Benefits on Day 1 
 Disability Insurance 
 Health Care Spending Account 
 On-Site Parking 
 Hybrid Work Model 


Salary Range: 80-95k + Bonus

To join a winning team, please apply by clicking on the link below!

 OUR VALUES: 

 Consistent and Dependable 

Customers can expect excellence from ERCO. We deliver reliably, operate safely, and care about our customers’ success.

 Knowledgeable and Innovative 

ERCO helps evolve and improve our industry through thought leadership, manufacturing and product innovation, and proven expertise.

 Friendly and Helpful 

ERCO sustains its reputation by building relationships rooted in trust, openness, and support.

 Proactive 

ERCO makes decisions that ensure sustainable health for our employees, customers, and environment.

 Premium Performance 

ERCO endeavours to excel in all areas, delivering superior goods, value-added services, and unparalleled customer support while maintaining safe, reliable operations.

ERCO Worldwide is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to recruiting, developing and maintaining a diverse workforce in compliance with all applicable Human Rights legislation. We will make every reasonable effort to accommodate for disabilities made known to us by our employees and applicants. If you require accommodation during the recruitment and selection process, please let us know and we will make every reasonable effort to meet your needs.

The above information on this description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by employees with this classification. It is not designed to contain or be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications required of employees assigned to this job.

ERCO Worldwide is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to recruiting, developing and maintaining a diverse workforce in compliance with all applicable Human Rights legislation. We will make every reasonable effort to accommodate for disabilities made known to us by our employees and applicants. If you require accommodation during the recruitment and selection process, please let us know and we will make every reasonable effort to meet your needs.

Apply Now
About the job
About Symcor

Symcor enables secure data exchanges and supporting business processes, to help clients succeed in an evolving digital world. Trusted by Canada's largest institutions for over 25 years to support their digital transformations, Symcor aligns industry participants to solve common challenges in the most effective and efficient way.

For more information, visit www.symcor.ca

 The Opportunity 

This position is an integral part of the Procurement and Vendor Management (VM) Team and will be responsible for data extraction and analysis, creating and updating reports on key performance metrics, spend actuals, forecasts and targets, collaborating with category managers and providing business intelligence to enhance data driven business decisions to achieve our goals. This role will also support sourcing events for supplier selection, drive contract management compliance and improve processes and data management within the space of procurement analytics.

This is a truly hybrid role with no mandatory days in office. We do request that the candidate is available to come in for a purpose such as in-person collaborations, team and company events, and as required based on team needs.

 About The Role: 

 Procurement Data and Spend Reporting. 
 Ensure Procurement Data Accuracy. 
 Vendor Management and Risk Management Data Reporting. 
 Optimize processes and data management within the procurement analytics space, identifying areas for improvement and implementing solutions. 
 Conduct regular reviews of procurement data to identify trends, anomalies, and opportunities for cost savings or process enhancements. 
 Communicate effectively with cross-functional teams, presenting complex data in a clear and concise manner to support decision-making at various levels. 
 Stay informed about industry trends, best practices, and emerging technologies in procurement analytics to continuously enhance the effectiveness of the role. 
 Optimize processes and data management within the procurement analytics space, identifying areas for improvement and implementing solutions. 
 Conduct regular reviews of procurement data to identify trends, anomalies, and opportunities for cost savings or process enhancements. 
 Communicate effectively with cross-functional teams, presenting complex data in a clear and concise manner to support decision-making at various levels. 
 Stay informed about industry trends, best practices, and emerging technologies in procurement analytics to continuously enhance the effectiveness of the role. 

 What You Need To Succeed: 

 Education: 

 Post-secondary education focused on Business Administration, Finance, Data Sciences or similar. 

 Experience: 

 3-5 years in Finance, Business, Procurement in a data analysis or related role 
 Strong background in extracting and manipulating data for reporting and analysis. 
 Experience in collaborating with cross-functional teams, including category managers and vendor management teams. 
 Familiarity with sourcing events, supplier selection, and contract management compliance. 

 Skills: 

 Proficient in data extraction and analysis tools, such as SQL, Excel, Power BI as well as PowerPoint 
 Knowledge of procurement processes, spend analysis, and key performance metrics. 
 Proven ability to drive process improvements and optimize data management within the procurement analytics space. 
 Organization skills: identifies and prioritized information. 
 Analytical thinking: Identifies relationships between data and information. 
 Detail oriented: Locating and collecting data from appropriate sources and analyzing it to prepare meaningful and concise reports that summarize the information. 
 Providing advice: Provides suggestions based on established information and precedent. 
 Teamwork: Work better with others to achieve mutual goals. 
 Problem solving: Work through issues critically and creatively to develop innovative solutions. 

What’s In It For You

At Symcor, we define our success by what we help others achieve. We were created to support our clients and, through our products, services, and solutions, protect and strengthen their brands. We care about each other, reaching our potential, making a difference to our communities, and achieving success that is mutual.

 A comprehensive Total Rewards Program that includes a competitive compensation package, flexible benefits and time away options, retirement and savings plans and a commitment to your overall health and well-being through our myWell-being program. 
 Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities. 
 Ability to make a difference and lasting impact. 
 Opportunities to do challenging work and progressively take on greater accountabilities for growth. 
 We foster an inclusive atmosphere of One Symcor with our philosophy of +1 Unique You®, we harness each employee’s uniqueness, different skills, backgrounds, and perspectives to contribute to mutual success. It is the diversity of our people and the inclusive environment that has been and will always be key to Symcor’s success. 

Symcor is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing an accessible recruitment process. Upon request, we will provide accommodation for candidates.

Apply Now
About the job
Reporting to the Supervisor, Business Intelligence, the Associate Business Intelligence Analyst is a subject matter expert providing visibility into internal and external metrics. The individual works with stakeholders to identify key intelligence topics/questions, collect and retrieve data, and present actionable analyses to aid decision making. The Associate BI Analyst will consider leading and lagging indicators to identify gaps and solutions in people, process, and tools. 


What you’ll do


·







 Design and develop dashboards and reports in data visualization tools (e.g. PowerBI) for various audiences to track performance on leading and lagging indicators
·







 Identify opportunities where data can support decision making and solution/deliver reports and analyses
·







 Automate existing manual reports and suggest process improvements to accommodate the automation
·







 Assess data systems and programs in support of ad-hoc and standing customer requests
·







 Analyze data and processes to provide business intelligence and decision support for business leaders
·







 Advise management on the content and interpretation of business data
·







 Recommend alternative data or analysis solutions to management based on available data and business needs
·







 Implement new data or analysis processes based on changing business or industry conditions
·







 Identify gaps and solutions in data quality and governance
·







 Collaborate with research and external insights team to benchmark performance and recommend actions
  What you need to succeed
Must-have


·







 Bachelor’s degree in Business, Statistics, an IT related field, or equivalent experience
·







 3+ years of quantitative analysis experience
·







 Proficiency in PowerBI
·







 Advanced skills in Microsoft Excel
·







 Ability to manipulate data with tools, draw conclusions, and relate back to business problems and solutions
·







 Track record of balancing multiple priorities simultaneously with the ability to adapt to the changing needs of the business while meeting deadlines
·







 Demonstrated ability to understand and concisely articulate details and impacts of complex business problems
·







 Strong communication skills to build professional relationships with business partners across the organization

Nice-to-have
·







 Experience with SQL and relational databases
About the job
L’Analyste BI sera responsable de consolider la pratique d’intelligence d’affaires actuelle et de préparer la venue des nouveaux outils de Microsoft dans l’entreprise.

PLUS PRÉCISÉMENT

• Supporter les plateformes SSIS, SSAS, et SSRS
• Favoriser l’uniformisation des différentes branches de l’entreprise au niveau BI
• Permettre aux gestionnaires de prendre des décisions plus éclairées à partir de données fiables
• Analyser le potentiel de Azure Data Factory et de Microsoft Power BI dans l’entreprise
• Œuvrer dans un environnement sur Microsoft Dynamics 365
• Travailler en étroite collaboration avec le Gestionnaire d’Intelligence d’Affaires


 PROFIL
 • 5+ années d’expérience en BI
• Expertise avec Microsoft SSIS, SSRS, SQL et T-SQL
• Expérience professionnelle avec Azure Data Factory et Microsoft Power BI (fort atout)
• Connaissances en SSAS (atout)
• Fort esprit de collaboration
• BAC en informatique ou l’équivalent
• Bilinguisme (Français requis, Anglais fonctionnel)


______________


The BI Analyst will be responsible for consolidating the current business intelligence practice and preparing for the arrival of new Microsoft tools in the company.

MORE PRECISELY

• Support SSIS, SSAS, and SSRS platforms
• Promote the standardization of the different branches of the company at the BI level
• Allow managers to make more informed decisions based on reliable data
• Analyze the potential of Azure Data Factory and Microsoft Power BI in the company
• Work in a Microsoft Dynamics 365 environment
• Work closely with the Business Intelligence Manager


PROFILE

• 5+ years of experience in BI
• Expertise with Microsoft SSIS, SSRS, SQL and T-SQL
• Professional experience with Azure Data Factory and Microsoft Power BI (strong asset)
• Knowledge of SSAS (asset)
• Strong spirit of collaboration
• BAC in computer science or equivalent
• Bilingualism (French required, functional English)


______________


Découvrez +50 autres offres d’emplois en TI | Discover +50 other IT jobs
🆕 www.delan.qc.ca

______________

Suivez-nous sur LinkedIn | Follow us on LinkedIn
💻 www.linkedin.com/company/DelanTI

______________
About the job
TD Description

Our Values
At TD we're guided by our purpose is to enrich the lives of our customers, communities and colleagues, and share a set of values that shape our culture and guide our behavior. In exchange for how our colleagues show up to help TD succeed, we are committed to delivering a colleague experience grounded in Impact, Growth and a Culture of Care. No matter where you work across TD, we empower you to make an impact at work and in your community, explore and grow your career and be part of our caring and inclusive culture.

Making Your Well-being a Priority
A supportive culture that promotes colleague well-being is core to who we are. At TD, we focus on total well-being with extensive programs to help colleagues assess, manage, and improve their well-being across four core pillars — physical, financial, social and mental/emotional. In addition, we champion a safe and inclusive work environment so colleagues feel a sense of belonging and feel supported in their personal and professional growth. Through our focus on well-being, we know that we can help our colleagues thrive, contribute to our culture of care, and support better business outcomes, because when colleagues feel their best, they're more likely to do their best.

Our Total Rewards Package
Our Total Rewards package reflects the investment we make in our colleagues to help them, and their families achieve their well-being goals. Total Rewards at TD includes a base salary, variable compensation, and several other key plans such as health and well-being benefits including medical, dental, vision & mental health coverage, savings and retirement programs, paid time off, banking benefits and discounts, career development, and reward and recognition programs.

How We Work
At TD, we believe in-person connections fuel collaboration and collective creativity. Our workplace experience empowers colleagues to do great work side-by-side at TD locations, while offering flexibility to work remotely where it makes sense for the work and team. Our teams work in one of three workplace models: Hybrid, Onsite and Primarily Remote. Wherever our colleagues are working, they’ll always have access to the TD community and experience our culture of care.

Who We Are
TD is one of the world's leading global financial institutions and is the fifth largest bank in North America by branches. Every day, we deliver legendary customer experiences to over 27 million households and businesses in Canada, the United States and around the world. More than 95,000 TD colleagues bring their skills, talent, and creativity to the Bank, those we serve, and the economies we support. We are guided by our vision to Be the Better Bank and our purpose to enrich the lives of our customers, communities and colleagues.
TD is deeply committed to being a leader in customer experience, that is why we believe that all colleagues, no matter where they work, are customer facing. As we build our business and deliver on our strategy, we are innovating to enhance the customer experience and build capabilities to shape the future of banking. Whether you’ve got years of banking experience or are just starting your career in financial services, we can help you realize your potential. Through regular leadership and development conversations to mentorship and training programs, we’re here to support you towards your goals. As an organization, we keep growing – and so will you. 

Department Overview

The Workforce Management (WFM) team is part of the North American Phone Channel Shared Services, providing ongoing support and leadership in the following specialty areas: Sales strategy, Customer and Employee Experience, Governance / Operating Solutions, Enterprise Workforce Management and Business Solutions. It is our high performing teams who create a passion for the customer experience and make North American Phone Channel Shared Services (NAPCSS) a great place to work. NAPCSS supports over a dozen lines of businesses, including all of the businesses in Canadian Personal Banking, Wealth, Direct Investing, TD Insurance, and US Contact Centre; driving superior solutions to enable a better Phone experience, and championing continuous improvement within the Phone network. We are supporters of a caring performance culture and leaders in great community spirit. NAPCSS offers a unique career opportunity to make an impact and build for the future. We seek individuals with a positive attitude who are driven to produce extraordinary results and would like to work in an environment that is fun, high energy, fast-paced, and collaborative.
 

Job Description

Reporting to the Manager, Forecasting/ Planning, the successful candidate will be responsible for ensuring operational KPI targets and efficiency goals are met by providing the business with complete end-to-end Workforce Management (WFM) support. This position is responsible for producing an 18-month rolling forecast of contact center demand, capacity, service outlooks and productivity. The successful candidate will create compelling performance impact analysis, budget plans, and risk mitigation tactics to help support our operational business leaders. 

PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES:

Support business decisions through the preparation of accurate KPI forecasts, with specific focus on improving customer experience and maximizing operational efficiencies 
Provide detailed analysis on current & future market environments to help facilitate high-impact decision making process
Aggregate forecast information into comprehensive, executive level presentation material
Present analysis in a clear, concise manner with specific recommendations on how to improve Service Level and efficiency
Leverage statistical methodologies (regression, correlation etc.) to assess the impact of new market data 
Track KPI performance (e.g., service level, call volume, AHT, shrinkage etc.) to highlight performance trends
Assess short, medium, and long-term impacts of hiring, queue consolidation, attrition, digital automation, off/nearshoring and contingent labor
Support the maintenance & development of workforce planning tools / processes
Communicate effectively with internal and external stakeholders in accordance with TD's policies, guidelines, and procedures

KEY RELATIONSHIPS:
  Reports to Manager, Forecasting/ Planning
Finance, Talent Acquisition, Learning & Development, Product & Strategic Initiative partners
Distribution & Contact Centre leaders across different locations
Daily working relationships with all level of TDBG

 

Job Requirements
Exceptional analytical skills with high attention to detail
Proficient with MS Office Suite (Excel, PowerPoint, Word)
Strong organizational skills with a proven ability to multitask
Ability to articulate reasons for forecast variance and recommend changes to enhance forecast accuracy and effectiveness
Clear and thorough understanding of short, medium, and long-term forecasting practices
Ability to quickly learn new technology/software/systems
Superior verbal and written communication skills
Driven to continual improvement of processes and working environment
Enjoys working in an agile, fast pace and collaborative environment

 

Additional Information

EDUCATION & WORK EXPERIENCE:

A post-secondary degree in business, economics, computers, or other related fields of study
3-5 years of experience in workforce management, planning, and analytics
Experience with database management and/or visualization software such as Tableau, Power BI, SQL is an asset. Good to have PHP, Python, R etc. 
Experience with Genesys Decisions forecasting software is an asset

 

Inclusiveness

Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
At TD, we’re committed to fostering an environment where all colleagues are encouraged to bring their authentic selves to work, experience equitable opportunities, and feel respected and supported. We’re dedicated to building an inclusive workforce that reflects the diversity of the customers and the communities in which we live and serve. 

Accommodation 
Your accessibility is important to us. Please let us know if you’d like accommodations (including accessible meeting rooms, captioning for virtual interviews, etc.) to help us remove barriers so that you can participate throughout the interview process. 

How We're Helping Make an Impact in Communities 
TD has a long-standing commitment to help drive progress towards a more inclusive and sustainable future. That’s why we launched the TD Ready Commitment in 2018, now a multi-year North American initiative. Under the TD Ready Commitment, we are targeting a total of $1 billion by 2030 in community giving four key, interconnected drivers of change: Financial Security, Vibrant Planet, Connected Communities, and Better Health. It’s our goal to help support change, nurture progress, and contribute to making the world a better, more inclusive place for our customers, colleagues, and communities. 

We look forward to hearing from you!
About the job
Data Governance Analyst (24 months)

Location: Calgary, AB (Hybrid In-Office)

For over 55 years, H&R Block has prepared taxes for millions of Canadians annually. Headquartered in Calgary, Alberta, we serve taxpayers in more than 1,000+ offices, through our upload from home service, and online with our DIY tax software. Our dedicated team of Tax Experts use the latest in electronic processing and filing technology to prepare all types of returns, including personal, small business, corporate, farm, trucker, fishing, U.S., rental and estate. 

Becoming an H&R Block Associate is an opportunity to grow with the strongest brand in the tax preparation industry. We are looking for people who want to provide help and inspire confidence in our clients and communities. We know that the ability to deliver outstanding client service starts with having the best talent on our team, and if you want to be part of our success story then we want to hear from you!

The Opportunity:
Under the direction of the Director, Delivery Services & Data Governance, the Data Governance Analyst will join a team responsible for business execution and delivery of solutions to our operating teams. This role will be responsible for implementing an Information Governance roadmap and operating the practice, ensuring the organization’s data is accurate, reliable, and secure.

This role will introduce you to the tax preparation business, where you will join our teams that are delivering on the many opportunities present to optimize and transform our services. You will partner with stakeholders across our business units to establish processes to ensure the effective management of data assets. Your passion for information management will lead you to identify opportunities for improvements, implement solutions that deliver positive change, and strengthen the organization’s data management maturity.

This position is based in Calgary and offers a hybrid work schedule, with 3 days per week in-office.

Main Responsibilities:
Develops and implements the data governance framework, including policies, standards, and procedures to ensure data integrity and security, ensuring alignment with our overall corporate data strategy.
Operates data governance processes around access standardization, data store inventory, data flows and mapping, data classification, data quality, and retention.
Establishes and maintains information governance documentation, including the data dictionary and data catalog.
Provides subject matter expertise on information governance principles, best practices, and regulatory requirements.
Develops and delivers training programs on information governance, data quality, and data management practices.
Works closely with information owners, stewards, and business units to ensure adherence to information governance policies and standards.
Collaborates with IT teams and the global Information Governance team to evaluate, select, and implement data management tools such as MDM, data quality, data catalog, and data lineage solutions.
Conducts data quality assessments and implements remediation measures to improve data accuracy, completeness, and consistency.
Collaborates with the Security team and Privacy Officer to ensure compliance with information security and privacy regulations.
Supports the development and execution of a plan to maximize self-service analytics capabilities including reporting (e.g., Power BI).
Stays informed about industry trends, emerging technologies, and regulatory changes related to information governance.
Contributes to the development and implementation of the enterprise data strategy.
Manages and reports on a centralized scorecard of all audits and active findings. This includes ongoing audits with upcoming compliance deadlines and past audits with recommended remediation activities.
Coordinates with other IT and business leads on activities to fulfill audit requirements and remediate deficiencies.
Tracks and reports on the cost of audit activities.
Provides operational and project support (planned and ad-hoc) to business partners.

Key Qualifications:
Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Management, or a related field.
A minimum of 5 years of experience in information/data governance roles.
Strong knowledge of data governance principles, frameworks, and best practices.
Familiarity with Canadian and other relevant data privacy and security regulations (e.g., GDPR, CCPA) and their implications for information governance.
Experience with data management tools such as MDM, data quality, data catalog, and data lineage solutions.
Experience with Data Governance tools (e.g., Purview, Alation, etc.).
Fluency in both English and French is an advantage.
Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills, with the ability to identify information governance issues and propose effective solutions.
Certificate in data management or information/data governance is an advantage.
Strong communication and collaboration skills, with the ability to engage and influence stakeholders at all levels of the organization.
Skilled in process modeling and experience with data modelling, enterprise relationship diagrams and solution architectural diagrams.
Experience and knowledge of relational database structures and possess the ability to trace data flow.
Experience creating formal documentation and diagrams which capture current state and recommended future state of business processes and systems.
Self-motivated and proactive, with the ability to work independently and prioritize tasks effectively.
Authentic, curious, creative, and innovative.
Excited and motivated to help people, especially our clients and field associates.
Excellent interpersonal skills – able to build strong relationships with and seen as a trusted partner amongst business leaders.

Do you have a passion for Data Governance, along with the skills and qualifications required for this GREAT opportunity?

If so, we invite you to send your resume to employment.opportunities@hrblock.ca, including the position title in the subject line.

We encourage all interested individuals to apply. Successful candidates must have legal authorization to work in Canada on a full-time basis for any employer. Proof of legal authorization to work in Canada will be required as part of the recruitment process. Only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted.

H&R Block fosters a workplace in which individual differences are recognized, appreciated, and respected. Accommodations are available upon request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the recruitment and selection process.
About the job
At Lyft, our mission is to improve people’s lives with the world’s best transportation. To do this, we start with our own community by creating an open, inclusive, and diverse organization.

The Marketplace team at Lyft is responsible for accelerating the growth of the business and for delivering our top business/company goals around financial metrics and marketplace performance. The team provides analysis and use cases to support Product teams, build automated tooling, and manage growth investments.

We are looking for an analyst to join the Central Market Management team and help us grow our market share. You will work with cross-functional stakeholders to analyze and improve existing product and financial levers leveraged in the marketplace. You will influence growth strategy with your data analysis and competitive insights while getting a ton of executive exposure along the way. You will identify our marketplace’s most critical problems & opportunities and create business & product strategies to address them. We’re looking for an intellectually curious individual who has extraordinary attention to detail, a track record of analytical problem-solving and skilled communication.

Responsibilities:

Support marketplace operations to provide world-class analysis, forecasting and reporting to stakeholders.
Become an expert in marketplace trends and support weekly reporting structures for the Rideshare organization.
Develop domain-specific subject matter expertise in our lever portfolio and support cross-functional initiatives to improve existing products and develop new ones.
Analyze marketplace product & financial levers and provide cross-functional teams with actionable insights on improvements and problem areas.
Operate within Rideshare decision-making frameworks with a critical lens, evaluating areas of improvement and business growth opportunities.
Prepare regular business reviews for leadership, highlighting key areas of focus.
Work with stakeholders and other teams to track, report, and reconcile budget allocation across marketplace programs.
Analyze data, conduct research and synthesize feedback into plans, processes and playbooks.
Roll up your sleeves and get stuff done. No one can be counted on to execute faster or better than you.
Identify opportunities and make them happen.

Experience:

5 years of experience in a high growth environment in data and/or financial analytics.
Very strong attention to detail, experience developing processes to remove human error.
Proficient in SQL and quantitative analysis, you can deep dive into large amounts of data, draw meaningful insights, dissect business issues and draw actionable conclusions.
Outcome-driven approach to developing recommendations and demonstrated ability to develop a story and execution plan to support our goals and objectives.
Exceptional communication (listening, written, and oral) skills with the ability to present findings and recommendations targeted to the audience in question.
A drive to understand the core issues along with the determination to uncover the solution.
Excels at dealing with ambiguity and change management.

Benefits:

Extended health and dental coverage options, along with life insurance and disability benefits
Mental health benefits
Family building benefits
Access to a Health Care Savings Account
In addition to provincial observed holidays, team members get 15 days paid time off, with an additional day for each year of service 
4 Floating Holidays each calendar year prorated based off of date of hire
10 paid sick days per year regardless of province
18 weeks of paid parental leave. Biological, adoptive, and foster parents are all eligible

Lyft proudly pursues and hires a diverse workforce. Lyft believes that every person has a right to equal employment opportunities without discrimination because of race, ancestry, place of origin, colour, ethnic origin, citizenship, creed, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, marital status, family status, disability, pardoned record of offences, or any other basis protected by applicable law or by Company policy. Lyft also strives for a healthy and safe workplace and strictly prohibits harassment of any kind. Accommodation for persons with disabilities will be provided upon request in accordance with applicable law during the application and hiring process. Please contact your recruiter now if you wish to make such a request.

This role will be in-office on a hybrid schedule following the establishment of a Lyft office in Toronto — Team Members will be expected to work in the office 3 days per week on Mondays, Thursdays and a team-specific third day. Additionally, hybrid roles have the flexibility to work from anywhere for up to 4 weeks per year.
About the job
Reporting to the Supervisor, Business Intelligence, the Associate Business Intelligence Analyst is a subject matter expert providing visibility into internal and external metrics. The individual works with stakeholders to identify key intelligence topics/questions, collect and retrieve data, and present actionable analyses to aid decision making. The Associate BI Analyst will consider leading and lagging indicators to identify gaps and solutions in people, process, and tools. 


What you’ll do


·







 Design and develop dashboards and reports in data visualization tools (e.g. PowerBI) for various audiences to track performance on leading and lagging indicators
·







 Identify opportunities where data can support decision making and solution/deliver reports and analyses
·







 Automate existing manual reports and suggest process improvements to accommodate the automation
·







 Assess data systems and programs in support of ad-hoc and standing customer requests
·







 Analyze data and processes to provide business intelligence and decision support for business leaders
·







 Advise management on the content and interpretation of business data
·







 Recommend alternative data or analysis solutions to management based on available data and business needs
·







 Implement new data or analysis processes based on changing business or industry conditions
·







 Identify gaps and solutions in data quality and governance
·







 Collaborate with research and external insights team to benchmark performance and recommend actions
  What you need to succeed
Must-have


·







 Bachelor’s degree in Business, Statistics, an IT related field, or equivalent experience
·







 3+ years of quantitative analysis experience
·







 Proficiency in PowerBI
·







 Advanced skills in Microsoft Excel
·







 Ability to manipulate data with tools, draw conclusions, and relate back to business problems and solutions
·







 Track record of balancing multiple priorities simultaneously with the ability to adapt to the changing needs of the business while meeting deadlines
·







 Demonstrated ability to understand and concisely articulate details and impacts of complex business problems
·







 Strong communication skills to build professional relationships with business partners across the organization

Nice-to-have
·







 Experience with SQL and relational databases
About the job
Agilus is recruiting for a Data Analyst IV  in the  oil & gas industry in CALGARY, Alberta. 

Sr. EDMS (Engineering Document Management System) Data Migration Analyst Overview / Responsibilities Sr. EDMS Data Migration Analyst will assist the EDMS team with migrating all revisions of documents, and associated metadata, from SPO, PIMS, and networks drives.

A Typical Day

Developing document/ data cleansing strategies, action plans, reconciliation plans and scripts, Determining document/ data migration requirements. 
Developing document/ data management plan, Good experience in writing SQL, Loader, SQL, PLSQL, Functional experience in EDMS systems including Smart Plant Foundation, and Omega PIMS. 
Determining the validity of the values of the data elements, Reviewing and validating data relationships between tags and documents. 
Coordinating with document/ data owners to validate cleansed document/ data (e.g., reconciling orphaned project documents against as-built documents to determine if these records need to be migrated)
Defining roles and responsibilities for the data migration activities, Reviewing and providing comments and suggestions on the data management plan, data migration plan, checklist, timeline, and conversion report delivered. 
Documenting migration activity timelines for mock conversions and production deployment, Developing a data migration checklist and sign-off process to ensure completion of planned activities, Mapping the data in the format provided in conversion templates. 
Assisting with determining data migration security controls, Developing unit and end-to-end integration migration test plans (including testing for data extraction, transformation, data loading, and data validation), Solid experience with data transformation and data load testing. 
Validating data of multiple mock conversions and the full migration coordinating with unit and end-to-end integration testing to ensure the flow of data from the source applications to the target applications is accurate, Documenting the end-to-end data migration test results and lessons learned report. 

Successful Candidates Will Have

Education - MA/MS/BA/BS degree and 10 years of experience in supporting large data migration/conversion for EDMS applications. 
Communication - Good communication skills both written and verbal. Willing and able to resolve team conflicts. 
Leadership skills - Able to provide direction and oversight of EDMS migration activities and deliverables. 
Project Planning - Must have the ability to translate contractual requirements into EDMS migration project execution plans. 
Project Execution - Demonstrates interest and understanding of overall project workflow, project execution plan, procedures, and project primary deliverables and activities. 
Systems and Tools knowledge- Must have hands-on knowledge of the EDMS systems (SmartPlant Foundation, and Omega PIMS) and tools used to support EDMS migrations (SQL * Loader, SQL, PLSQL). 
Problem Solving skills - Demonstrate the ability to identify, analyze and resolve documentation and data issues in accordance with sound Information Management principles. 

Total Rewards

Competitive Compensation
12 Months of contract position
This position will be part time (20-25 hours)
5 days on / 2 days off

Interested?

Please apply directly online by email ptungaturti@agilus.ca

Agilus would like to thank all candidates for their interest in this opportunity. Due to the volume of resumes we receive; we may only be able to respond directly to those candidates being selected for an interview.

We encourage you to visit agilus.ca regularly or subscribe to our email alerts at agilus.ca/Account/Register as new exciting employment opportunities become available daily.
About the job
5+ years of demonstrated experience and skills using Oracle Data Integrator and/or Informatica ETL tools.
Experience enhancing performance of ETL code and SQL Queries.
Experience developing ETL routines using Informatica and/or SSIS in a data warehousing environment or large data migration.
Experience Designing Data warehouse components and ETL Scripts.
Experience using PowerDesigner to review data models, as well as make changes and generate DDL's.
5+ years of experience with Unix scripting.
Experience working with Oracle Databases (version 10.x or higher), DB2 Database, and with complex korn-shell scripts.
Experience in designing RDBMS SQL, DML and DDL (DB2 and Oracle) and the architectural implications associated with each platform in regards to ETL.
Working experience in debugging mappings, transformations, mapplets and source qualifier files and Unit testing the newly developed ETL components.
About the job
About us:

Sofina Foods is one of Canada's leading manufacturers of primary and further processed protein products for retail and foodservice customers as well as international markets. We manufacture pork, beef, turkey, chicken and fish products. Our family of brands include: Cuddy, Lilydale, Janes, Mastro, San Daniele, Fletcher's, Vienna, Riserva and Zamzam. We are also the exclusive distributor of Italy’s finest Rio Mare & Lavazza products in Canada.
 
Summary: 
 
Reporting to the Director, Customer Insights, the Customer Insights Analyst will provide category management expertise and analysis for the Retail Sales organization. They will be responsible to develop strategies to protect our existing business, improve current business, and deliver future opportunities through improved distribution, visibility, and increasing rate of sale.

 Key Accountabilities:


University degree or College Diploma in Marketing Research and/or Business, Economics or Statistics.
Power user of MS Office presentation and file management tools (PowerPoint and SharePoint).
Advanced MS Excel skills, including Pivot Tables, V-Lookups, report automation.
Working knowledge of Nielsen MarketTrack, Answers Desktop, Strategic Planner, Numerator Insights.
Proficient in the use Retailer POS (Technomic, LDIA, IRI / Circana, Dunnhumby, Retail Link).
Experience with Power BI considered and asset.
Experience with Food Protein/Grocery industry considered an asset.
3-5 years of progressive and related work experience, preferably within the CPG industry.
Excellent English written and oral communication skills.


Qualification:


University degree or College Diploma in Marketing Research and/or Business, Economics or Statistics
Power user of MS Office presentation and file management tools (PowerPoint and SharePoint)
Advanced MS Excel skills, including Pivot Tables, V-Lookups, report automation
Working knowledge of Nielsen MarketTrack, Answers Desktop, Strategic Planner, Numerator Insights
Proficient in the use Retailer POS (Technomic, LDIA, IRI / Circana, Dunnhumby, Retail Link)
Experience with Power BI considered and asset.
Experience with Food Protein/Grocery industry considered an asset
3-5 years of progressive and related work experience, preferably within the CPG industry
Excellent English written and oral communication skills


Key Behavioral Competencies:


Performance-driven thinker, with strong analytical and creative problem-solving skills.
Ability to interpret analysis and discover the business implications.
Passion for developing actionable high value selling stories using the best data sources available.
Ability to meet deadlines and manage multiple tasks simultaneously.
Highly organized with strong attention to detail and quality of work
Thrives working within a high-performance sale team.
Skilled to ask the “right” questions to help direct project/presentation work.
Strong collaborator with ability to work cross-functionally to achieve focused objectives.
About the job
Who We Are

Geotab ® is a global leader in IoT and connected transportation and certified “Great Place to Work ™ .” We are a company of diverse and talented individuals who work together to help businesses grow and succeed, and increase the safety and sustainability of our communities.

Geotab is advancing security, connecting commercial vehicles to the internet and providing web-based analytics to help customers better manage their fleets. Geotab’s open platform and Geotab Marketplace ® , offering hundreds of third-party solution options, allows both small and large businesses to automate operations by integrating vehicle data with their other data assets. Processing billions of data points a day, Geotab leverages data analytics and machine learning to improve productivity, optimize fleets through the reduction of fuel consumption, enhance driver safety and achieve strong compliance to regulatory changes.

Our team is growing and we’re looking for people who follow their passion, think differently and want to make an impact. Ours is a fast paced, ever changing environment. Geotabbers accept that challenge and are willing to take on new tasks and activities - ones that may not always be described in the initial job description. Join us for a fulfilling career with opportunities to innovate, great benefits, and our fun and inclusive work culture. Reach your full potential with Geotab. To see what it’s like to be a Geotabber, check out our blog and follow us @InsideGeotab on Instagram . Join our talent network to learn more about job opportunities and company news.

Who You Are

We are always looking for amazing talent who can contribute to our growth and deliver results! Geotab is seeking a Senior Data Analyst, Sustainability who will perform data analytics in order to support Geotab’s thought leadership related to electric vehicles and fleet. If you love technology, and are keen to join an industry leader — we would love to hear from you!

What You'll Do

The Senior Data Analyst, Sustainability will use strong problem-solving skills with statistical analysis in order to conduct queries, track reporting metrics and analyze data to support Geotab’s sustainability marketing and thought leadership goals. This role will be key in uncovering data-backed insights and proof points for marketing campaigns that help educate internal and external stakeholders on the topic of sustainable fleet and electric vehicles. To be successful in this role you will be a self-starter and problem solver with strong written and verbal communication skills, and have the ability to quickly understand complex, technical concepts.

How You’ll Make An Impact

Examine large data sets to identify trends, develop charts, and create visual presentations to help businesses make more strategic decisions.
Apply statistical methods toward data validation of Geotab aggregate traffic-related data against third-party data sources
Utilize statistical tools to interpret data sets and prepare reports and technical papers that effectively communicate trends, patterns, and predictions based on relevant findings.
Write SQL queries to find answers to complex business questions.
Identify any data quality issues and partialities in data acquisition.
Coordinate with engineering teams to gather incremental new data.
Process, cleanse, and verify the integrity of data used for analysis.
Use data mining, model building, and other analytical techniques to develop customer segmentation.
Work with data scientists and leverage machine learning models that have been developed against Geotab’s big data environment.

What You’ll Bring To This Role

Post-secondary Degree/Diploma specialization in Computer Science, Software Engineering, Science, Mathematics, or a related field.
5-8 years experience as a Data Analyst or a similar role.
5-8 years experience with SQL.
5-8 years experience with data science tools (e.g. Python, Pandas, NumPy) as well as BI tools such as Superset/Redash/PowerBI or tableau.
Experience working with big data and an understanding of techniques used to extract value out of very large datasets.
Familiarity with machine learning concepts is an asset.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to problem solve well-judged decisions.
Strategic mindset, with a keen sense of priorities, along with an ability to pivot as the landscape changes.
Strong team-player with the ability to engage with all levels of the organization.
Technical competence using software programs, including but not limited to, Google Suite for business (Sheets, Docs, Slides).
Strong communications and creativity skills with the ability to link data insights to marketing initiatives and use data to tell a story.
Knowledge and experience with GHG emissions reporting, electric vehicle data and fuel efficiency practices are highly valued. 
Proven experience in data cleaning, with the ability to identify, analyze, and interpret inconsistencies or inaccuracies in data.
Strong critical thinking abilities, with experience leveraging data to make well-informed recommendations and decisions.

If you got this far, we hope you're feeling excited about this role! Even if you don't feel you meet every single requirement, we still encourage you to apply.

Please note: Geotab does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Geotab employees.

Why Job Seekers Choose Geotab

Flex working arrangements

Home office reimbursement program

Baby bonus & parental leave top up program

Online learning and networking opportunities

Electric vehicle purchase incentive program

Competitive medical and dental benefits

Retirement savings program

The above are offered to full-time permanent employees only

How We Work

At Geotab, we have adopted a flexible first working model in that we have systems, functions, programs and policies in place to support both in-person and virtual work. However, you are welcomed and encouraged to come into our beautiful, safe, clean offices as often as you like. When working from home, you are required to have a reliable internet connection with at least 50mb DL/10mb UL. Virtual work is supported with cloud-based applications, collaboration tools and asynchronous working. The health and safety of employees are a top priority. We encourage work-life balance and keep the Geotab culture going strong with online social events, chat rooms and gatherings. Join us and help reshape the future of technology!

We believe that ensuring diversity is fundamental to our future growth and progress and is an integral part of our business. We believe that success happens where new ideas can flourish – in an environment that is rich in diversity and a place where people from various backgrounds can work together. Geotab encourages applications from all qualified individuals. We are committed to accommodating people with disabilities during the recruitment and assessment processes and when people are hired. We will ensure the accessibility needs of employees with disabilities are taken into account as part of performance management, career development, training and redeployment processes. If you require accommodation at any stage of the application process or want more information about our diversity and inclusion as well as accommodation policies and practices, please contact us at careers@geotab.com. Click here to learn more about what happens with your personal data.
About the job
Reporting to the Supervisor, Business Intelligence, the Associate Business Intelligence Analyst is a subject matter expert providing visibility into internal and external metrics. The individual works with stakeholders to identify key intelligence topics/questions, collect and retrieve data, and present actionable analyses to aid decision making. The Associate BI Analyst will consider leading and lagging indicators to identify gaps and solutions in people, process, and tools. 


What you’ll do


·







 Design and develop dashboards and reports in data visualization tools (e.g. PowerBI) for various audiences to track performance on leading and lagging indicators
·







 Identify opportunities where data can support decision making and solution/deliver reports and analyses
·







 Automate existing manual reports and suggest process improvements to accommodate the automation
·







 Assess data systems and programs in support of ad-hoc and standing customer requests
·







 Analyze data and processes to provide business intelligence and decision support for business leaders
·







 Advise management on the content and interpretation of business data
·







 Recommend alternative data or analysis solutions to management based on available data and business needs
·







 Implement new data or analysis processes based on changing business or industry conditions
·







 Identify gaps and solutions in data quality and governance
·







 Collaborate with research and external insights team to benchmark performance and recommend actions
  What you need to succeed
Must-have


·







 Bachelor’s degree in Business, Statistics, an IT related field, or equivalent experience
·







 3+ years of quantitative analysis experience
·







 Proficiency in PowerBI
·







 Advanced skills in Microsoft Excel
·







 Ability to manipulate data with tools, draw conclusions, and relate back to business problems and solutions
·







 Track record of balancing multiple priorities simultaneously with the ability to adapt to the changing needs of the business while meeting deadlines
·







 Demonstrated ability to understand and concisely articulate details and impacts of complex business problems
·







 Strong communication skills to build professional relationships with business partners across the organization

Nice-to-have
·







 Experience with SQL and relational databases
About the job
Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.

What You’ll Do

Work closely with the Capital Markets team to evaluate, structure and price consumer asset-backed transactions
Develop and enhance capital structuring and pricing models tailored to Affirm’s consumer loan portfolio to enable efficient deal execution
Build quantitative models to analyze and predict the performance of Affirm’s consumer loans
Provide insights on capital markets deals to cross-functional teams for more optimal and efficient funding strategy and merchant pricing
Partner cross-functionally with our Capital Markets, Treasury, Merchant Pricing, Credit, Commercial, Product and Engineering teams to evaluate funding, product, and business decisions

What We Look For

4+ years of relevant experience structuring asset-backed transactions, forecasting consumer loan performance, and/or building quantitative models
Experience with industry-standard tools such as Intex/Bloomberg and working with accountants, rating agencies, and internal/external partners
Experience with SQL, Python, or other scripting languages
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, and ability to collaborate and influence across different teams in the organization
A proactive leader that can seek out new opportunities, drive projects, navigate ambiguity and develop creative solutions with minimal guidance
Desire to understand the broader context of business decisions

Pay Grade - CAN29

Employees new to Affirm or promoted into a new role, typically begin in the min to mid range.

CAN Base Pay Range Per Year

Min: $105,300

Mid: $131,600

Max: $157,900

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.

Benefits

We’re extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include:

 Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
 Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses 
 Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge 
 ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount 

We believe It’s On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.

[For U.S. positions that could be performed in Los Angeles or San Francisco] Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, Affirm will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

By clicking "Submit Application," you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
About the job
Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.

What You’ll Do

Work closely with the Capital Markets team to evaluate, structure and price consumer asset-backed transactions
Develop and enhance capital structuring and pricing models tailored to Affirm’s consumer loan portfolio to enable efficient deal execution
Build quantitative models to analyze and predict the performance of Affirm’s consumer loans
Provide insights on capital markets deals to cross-functional teams for more optimal and efficient funding strategy and merchant pricing
Partner cross-functionally with our Capital Markets, Treasury, Merchant Pricing, Credit, Commercial, Product and Engineering teams to evaluate funding, product, and business decisions

What We Look For

4+ years of relevant experience structuring asset-backed transactions, forecasting consumer loan performance, and/or building quantitative models
Experience with industry-standard tools such as Intex/Bloomberg and working with accountants, rating agencies, and internal/external partners
Experience with SQL, Python, or other scripting languages
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, and ability to collaborate and influence across different teams in the organization
A proactive leader that can seek out new opportunities, drive projects, navigate ambiguity and develop creative solutions with minimal guidance
Desire to understand the broader context of business decisions

Pay Grade - CAN29

Employees new to Affirm or promoted into a new role, typically begin in the min to mid range.

CAN Base Pay Range Per Year

Min: $105,300

Mid: $131,600

Max: $157,900

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.

Benefits

We’re extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include:

 Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
 Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses 
 Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge 
 ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount 

We believe It’s On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.

[For U.S. positions that could be performed in Los Angeles or San Francisco] Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, Affirm will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

By clicking "Submit Application," you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
About the job
York is a leading international teaching and research university, and a driving force for positive change. Empowered by a welcoming and diverse community with a uniquely global perspective, we are preparing our students for their long-term careers and personal success. Together, we can make things right for our communities, our planet and our future.

The Division of Advancement's mission is to inspire and cultivate meaningful engagement and philanthropic support to advance York University's excellence in education, research and community service. Under the direction of the Manager, Advancement Information Services, the incumbent supports this mission through tasks related to Advancement reporting, operational business systems and data governance.

To be considered for this opportunity, you will bring the following:

Education:
A College Diploma in Computer Programming or related field. 
Equivalent education and experience include College courses in Computer Programming plus 1-year practical related experience in addition to the minimum years of work experience required or two years recent experience (defined as within the last three years) working at York University performing the same or similar tasks.

Experience:
Minimum 3 years direct working experience with Oracle based relational database in a business office/results-oriented service environment. Detailed knowledge and ability to use reporting tools and query applications is required. 

Experience and knowledge include:
Understanding of the impact on business processes, as well as skill with interpretation and communication of requirements
Testing methodologies, requirement and root cause analysis techniques, and relational database theory
Ability to analyze and evaluate data to make recommendations
Oral and written communication abilities to present ideas in a focused and structured way, enhancing communication where appropriate
An eye for detail, spelling, and accuracy in content verification is essential to gather and document the needs of the end user(s)
Organization and project management abilities to work effectively under pressure of high volume and to efficiently plan activities and balance competing demands.
Initiative and creativity to focus on, and strives for, continuous improvement to set high standards of performance
Ability to build and maintain relationships who are potentially helpful
Ability to work independently and as part of a diverse team with a client-centric focus
Ability to exercise good judgment, tact, discretion and courtesy essential, even in times of challenging and conflicting demands
Working knowledge of an Advancement Database System, and the data contained, is an asset.

For full position details, including skills and knowledge requirements, and to apply to this exciting opportunity visit the External Career Portal (www.yorku.ca/jobs) and refer to posting 109197.

We offer comprehensive benefits and access to superb educational and recreational facilities. For more information on what York has to offer U please visit: http://hr.info.yorku.ca/benefits
About the job
We are looking for a Senior Analyst to join our Data and Analytics team supporting EA app. Reporting to the Senior Analytics Manager, you will work with partners to understand player engagement, marketing performance, and to identify product growth opportunities. You will use your skills to provide data-driven solutions to complex problems, translate qualitative/quantitative data into insights, and create recommendations to steer the product and marketing roadmap.

What You'll Do

Collaborate with product, design, marketing, and engineering to deliver insights into user behaviour and to guide product and marketing decisions 
Help design, implement and report on A/B tests aimed at enhancing marketing strategies and user experience, utilizing statistical methods to draw meaningful conclusions 
 Analyze customer segments and behaviour to support tailored marketing strategies 
Perform advanced statistical/machine learning analyses to identify trends, patterns, and provide actionable insights 
Develop dashboards and self-serve tools to communicate findings and performance metrics to our partners and encourage the use of data in product decisions 
Identify opportunities for process improvements, automation , and the implementation of advanced analytics techniques 
Communicate results and findings throughout the organization to all levels of leadership 

Qualifications

 4+ years of experience providing insights from data to guide optimization in E-commerce or product development 
University Degree in Statistics, Marketing, Business, E-commerce or related field of study 
Proficient in SQL and Python (or equivalent) 
Experience in data analysis, statistics, and experimentation 
Experience with data visualization tools (Looker, Power BI, Tableau) 
Storytelling skills for presenting technical findings to audiences with varying backgrounds 
Understanding of digital marketing strategies and customer journey analysis are an advantage 

Bc Compensation And Benefits

The base salary ranges listed below are for the defined geographic market pay zones in these locations. If you reside outside of these locations, a recruiter will advise on the base salary range and benefits for your specific location.

EA has listed the base salary ranges it in good faith expects to pay applicants for this role in the locations listed, as of the time of this posting. Salary offered will be determined based on numerous relevant business and candidate factors including, for example, education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, geographic location, and business or organizational needs.

BASE SALARY RANGES

 British Columbia (depending on location e.g. Vancouver vs. Victoria):

º $77,600 - $130,500 CAN Annually

Base salary is just one part of the overall compensation at EA. We also offer a package of benefits including vacation (3 weeks per year to start), 10 days per year of sick time, paid top-up to EI/QPIP benefits up to 100% of base salary when you welcome a new child (12 weeks for maternity, and 4 weeks for parental/adoption leave), extended health/dental/vision coverage, life insurance, disability insurance, retirement plan to regular full-time employees. Certain roles may also be eligible for bonus and equity.
About the job
Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.

What You’ll Do

Work closely with the Capital Markets team to evaluate, structure and price consumer asset-backed transactions
Develop and enhance capital structuring and pricing models tailored to Affirm’s consumer loan portfolio to enable efficient deal execution
Build quantitative models to analyze and predict the performance of Affirm’s consumer loans
Provide insights on capital markets deals to cross-functional teams for more optimal and efficient funding strategy and merchant pricing
Partner cross-functionally with our Capital Markets, Treasury, Merchant Pricing, Credit, Commercial, Product and Engineering teams to evaluate funding, product, and business decisions

What We Look For

4+ years of relevant experience structuring asset-backed transactions, forecasting consumer loan performance, and/or building quantitative models
Experience with industry-standard tools such as Intex/Bloomberg and working with accountants, rating agencies, and internal/external partners
Experience with SQL, Python, or other scripting languages
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, and ability to collaborate and influence across different teams in the organization
A proactive leader that can seek out new opportunities, drive projects, navigate ambiguity and develop creative solutions with minimal guidance
Desire to understand the broader context of business decisions

Pay Grade - CAN29

Employees new to Affirm or promoted into a new role, typically begin in the min to mid range.

CAN Base Pay Range Per Year

Min: $105,300

Mid: $131,600

Max: $157,900

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.

Benefits

We’re extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include:

 Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
 Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses 
 Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge 
 ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount 

We believe It’s On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.

[For U.S. positions that could be performed in Los Angeles or San Francisco] Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, Affirm will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

By clicking "Submit Application," you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
About the job
Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.

What You’ll Do

Work closely with the Capital Markets team to evaluate, structure and price consumer asset-backed transactions
Develop and enhance capital structuring and pricing models tailored to Affirm’s consumer loan portfolio to enable efficient deal execution
Build quantitative models to analyze and predict the performance of Affirm’s consumer loans
Provide insights on capital markets deals to cross-functional teams for more optimal and efficient funding strategy and merchant pricing
Partner cross-functionally with our Capital Markets, Treasury, Merchant Pricing, Credit, Commercial, Product and Engineering teams to evaluate funding, product, and business decisions

What We Look For

4+ years of relevant experience structuring asset-backed transactions, forecasting consumer loan performance, and/or building quantitative models
Experience with industry-standard tools such as Intex/Bloomberg and working with accountants, rating agencies, and internal/external partners
Experience with SQL, Python, or other scripting languages
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, and ability to collaborate and influence across different teams in the organization
A proactive leader that can seek out new opportunities, drive projects, navigate ambiguity and develop creative solutions with minimal guidance
Desire to understand the broader context of business decisions

Pay Grade - CAN29

Employees new to Affirm or promoted into a new role, typically begin in the min to mid range.

CAN Base Pay Range Per Year

Min: $105,300

Mid: $131,600

Max: $157,900

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.

Benefits

We’re extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include:

 Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
 Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses 
 Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge 
 ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount 

We believe It’s On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.

[For U.S. positions that could be performed in Los Angeles or San Francisco] Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, Affirm will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

By clicking "Submit Application," you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
About the job
Reporting to the Supervisor, Business Intelligence, the Associate Business Intelligence Analyst is a subject matter expert providing visibility into internal and external metrics. The individual works with stakeholders to identify key intelligence topics/questions, collect and retrieve data, and present actionable analyses to aid decision making. The Associate BI Analyst will consider leading and lagging indicators to identify gaps and solutions in people, process, and tools. 


What you’ll do


·







 Design and develop dashboards and reports in data visualization tools (e.g. PowerBI) for various audiences to track performance on leading and lagging indicators
·







 Identify opportunities where data can support decision making and solution/deliver reports and analyses
·







 Automate existing manual reports and suggest process improvements to accommodate the automation
·







 Assess data systems and programs in support of ad-hoc and standing customer requests
·







 Analyze data and processes to provide business intelligence and decision support for business leaders
·







 Advise management on the content and interpretation of business data
·







 Recommend alternative data or analysis solutions to management based on available data and business needs
·







 Implement new data or analysis processes based on changing business or industry conditions
·







 Identify gaps and solutions in data quality and governance
·







 Collaborate with research and external insights team to benchmark performance and recommend actions
  What you need to succeed
Must-have


·







 Bachelor’s degree in Business, Statistics, an IT related field, or equivalent experience
·







 3+ years of quantitative analysis experience
·







 Proficiency in PowerBI
·







 Advanced skills in Microsoft Excel
·







 Ability to manipulate data with tools, draw conclusions, and relate back to business problems and solutions
·







 Track record of balancing multiple priorities simultaneously with the ability to adapt to the changing needs of the business while meeting deadlines
·







 Demonstrated ability to understand and concisely articulate details and impacts of complex business problems
·







 Strong communication skills to build professional relationships with business partners across the organization

Nice-to-have
·







 Experience with SQL and relational databases
About the job
Under the general guidance of the leader of the designated operational area, this role acts as a primary resource and consults on business improvement, system transformation, and operational & informatics analytics. The Strategic Analytics Consultant identifies, recommends and implements opportunities for continuous improvement to systems and processes. This role provides ongoing support and training to end users and designated functional areas. In addition, in collaboration with stakeholder groups, IT, and systems vendors, is responsible for the maintenance, sustainment support and integration of systems such as Workday supporting People and Culture, Finance or Student Services, including testing, upgrade and product releases, and responding to systems-related questions.

Duties & Responsibilities:
Business Improvement and Transformation:
Conducts business process analysis by completing process mapping, identifying relevant KPIs, complete current state analysis, observing patterns and developing future state recommendations based on data; build implementation plans for a variety of business processes.
Collaborates with systems users, stakeholders and IT to identify process and workflow improvement areas.
Consults, supports and guides stakeholders through design, configuration and business process setup based on best practices and a thorough understanding of business requirements.
Assesses and makes recommendations on the overall impact of proposed changes to business processes and investigates external solutions.
Documents, designs, develops and tests related configuration revisions according to formal change control process.

Operational Data and Informatics Analysis 
Develops dashboards, metrics, analysis and reports using various tools to inform business, financial and labour relations matters.
Conducts regular audits to monitor business and operational processes related to data quality; analyzes, compiles reports and makes recommendations on data findings to leadership teams; identifies data errors, develops recommendations and implements data correction strategies.

Responsible for maintenance and support of Workday and other systems and applications within operational areas:
Oversees the security setup, data auditing, system maintenance, and testing for Workday modules.
Provides needs assessments and consultation regarding system changes including upgrades and new product releases.
Resolves escalated support cases for trouble shooting and responds to systems-related questions.
Records and manages incident or service requests in case management system, closes cases when resolved.
Works with stakeholders and IT to assess incidents in order to prioritize and resolve them accordingly.
Collaborates and coordinates with operational areas and IT on potential changes and upcoming system upgrades and releases.
Maintains system documentation, in particular with respect to maintaining data quality and business process documentation.
Generates reports to system users and operational areas.
Participates in systems projects for current and future implementation of business system modules and enhancements.

Training:
Collaborates and coordinates with other team members, subject matter experts and stakeholders to inform updates to training material, supporting resources and knowledge transfer.
Provides ongoing support and training to system users and operational areas.
Documents, designs and delivers technical training for their area of expertise, as it relates to system changes.
Other related duties as assigned

Qualifications Required:

Education & Experience:
Undergraduate degree in Information Technology, Business or related discipline.
Minimum of 5 years experience in a similar role with a minimum of 1 year of in Data Analytics.
An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered.
Proficient in Microsoft Office suite with intermediate knowledge of Excel.
Knowledge or experience with an ITSM system is an asset.
Experience working with SharePoint administration considered an asset.
Experience with value stream mapping, business process and data analysis, business rules definition, data definition and preparation.
Experience in research and analysis to support a best practice approach to future state processes.
Experience in creating functional specifications for reports, workflow, interfaces (functional), and extensions.
Experience in test planning, developing and documenting test scripts, supporting and participating in testing.

Skills & Abilities:
Demonstrated ability to work effectively with others in a diverse environment.
Demonstrated ability to prioritize and manage multiple tasks, projects and initiatives simultaneously in a fast-paced and changing environment.
Strong technical, problem resolution and analytical skills.
Strong analytical, logical reasoning and problem solving skills.
Strong attention to detail and organization.
Ability to work independently and in a team environment.
Ability to exercise good judgment.
Demonstrated ability to operate with a high degree of confidentiality
Excellent organizational, planning, and prioritization skills.
Ability to work and communicate effectively with others, both verbally and in writing.
Superior interpersonal skills. Proven ability to work effectively and diplomatically with a wide range of individuals at all organizational levels.
Demonstrates the willingness, ability, and enthusiasm to learn new processes, methodologies or technologies.
Ability to perform complex work with high degree of accuracy.
Ability to learn and adapt to new technology and methods.
Ability to write technical and user support documentation and training materials.
Ability to make decisions in accordance to established policies, practices and standards.
Ability to understand complex situations, tasks or problems, analyze them using a systematic approach and identify patterns and connections between situations that are not inherently obvious.
Ability to engage and influence stakeholders ensuring stakeholder adoption.
About the job
Type of position: Regular

 Looking to build your career with us? 

Join BBA and become part of a team of talented people who have a passion for success and a willingness to push themselves to offer their clients the best. You’ll also have the chance to work on stimulating and instructive projects. You’ll be coached by experienced people who are committed to developing their colleagues and happy to share their knowledge.

BBA is a stimulating, friendly, fun and inclusive place to work. We focus on building complementary teams and provide employees with a work environment that fosters personal and professional development.

 With us, you’ll have the opportunity to... 

 Design and develop advanced data analysis and artificial intelligence (AI) projects for our industrial and manufacturing clients . 
 Support our clients in leveraging their data by proposing innovative solutions based on concepts such as machine learning and predictive maintenance. 
 Have an impact on tomorrow’s companies by participating in their digital transformation. 
 Work on a stimulating team that pushes you to excel and learn more. 
 Lead project teams as a technical leader using your experience and skills. 
 Develop a network of contacts and practical experience in the field while serving as a client representative. 
 Participate in managing and implementing utility systems and software as well as other industrial software packages. 
 Ensure the quality of professional services and maintain good client relationships. 

 Do your qualities and values match our corporate culture? 

 Action-oriented 
 Strong communication and soft skills 
 Resourceful and ingenious 
 Creative 
 Rigorous 
 Team player 

Profile And Essential Skills

 Bachelor's degree in applied mathematics, computer science or another field relevant to advanced data analysis 
 Bilingual (English and French) 
 Good knowledge of data management (warehousing, virtualization, modelling, extraction and manipulation of real-time data flows) 
 Good knowledge of the various data analysis tools (machine learning, Python and R languages) 
 Strong ability to analyze and synthesize 
 Ability to absorb large amounts of information and prioritize actions 
 Ability to influence and political acumen 
 Good knowledge of the main AI players and up-to-date knowledge of current market trends 
 Experience in AI, machine learning, natural language processing or other related fields 
 Experience in coaching and developing machine learning models for real-time processing in production environments 
 Experience with a variety of learning algorithms, e.g., supervised, unsupervised and reinforcement learning and different variants of neural network models 
 Soft skills in managing projects and technical teams 

 Assets 

 Master's degree or PhD in statistics, applied mathematics, computer science or another field relevant to advanced data analysis 
 Knowledge of SCADA systems and industrial communication protocols 
 Knowledge of industrial data historian systems (PI or other systems) 
 Basic knowledge of software programming and relational databases 

With Us, You’ll Have Many Benefits

 A dynamic engagement committee with something for everyone 
 Access to many experts and mentoring 
 A collaborative team that shares its ideas and knowledge 
 Custom training and development plans 
 A flexible schedule that allows you to work at the office and from home 
 A friendly environment where everyone’s ideas are listened to and where there is no sense of hierarchy 
 Friendly, eco-mindful and high-tech workspaces 

About BBA

For over 40 years, we’ve been pushing the boundaries of engineering to serve our clients in the Energy and Natural Resources sector. At BBA, we develop innovative, flexible and sustainable solutions, from strategy to execution.

BBA is one of Canada’s leading private consulting engineering firms, focused on practice (PCB), with a network of 15 offices. Our teams work closely to deliver projects that shape tomorrow’s industry at the local, national and international levels.

Our people’s passion and excellence make BBA a Canada’s Best Employer and one of Canada’s Best Managed Companies .

We have unique talents, and we’re committed to providing a workplace where you can be yourself . Job postings are written in gender-neutral language.

Learn more about us by visiting our LinkedIn page and join the networks of our talent attraction specialists to speak with them directly.
About the job
En tant qu'analyste BI senior, vous serez responsable de convertir les capacités numériques et analytiques en action pour obtenir un avantage concurrentiel. En utilisant vos compétences en Databricks, Python, SQL, Power BI avec d'autres solutions d‘ Azure, vous serez amené à collecter, nettoyer et traiter, analyser, interpréter et présenter des résultats cruciaux de tous les types et tailles d'ensembles de données dans des formats visuels.


Fonctions et responsabilités
Qualifications requises :
• Diplôme en informatique BAC minimum, en informatique décisionnelle ou dans un domaine connexe.
• Expérience préalable en développement de solution BI/Analytique de plus de 5 ans, de préférence avec des outils tels que Microsoft Power BI, Azure Datafactory, Databricks ou équivalents.
• Connaissance des concepts ETL et de modélisation de données.
• Compétences en SQL pour l'extraction et la manipulation de données.
• Capacité à travailler en équipe dans un environnement Agile Safe et à communiquer efficacement.
• Souci du détail et orientation vers la qualité.

Environnement : Databricks, Data Lake, Power BI, Azure DevOps, Azure Data Factory, SQL.
#LZ2092
About the job
The Development and Release Engineering (DRE) team are EA's continuous integration and build experts. We are a team of over 100, located in EA studios across North America, Europe, and Asia-Pacific. We pride ourselves on providing game development tools and automation services to our internal customers - EA's game, engine, product, and content teams.

Our work creates a LOT of data! As a Senior Data Analyst, reporting to the Director of Analytics, you will help support the DRE business through data modelling and analysis to improve the efficiency and quality of EA's game development workflows. Your insights will influence how DRE helps EA make amazing games. You will be part of a diverse team, collaborating with many engineers and data people to turn data into insights and support the business leadership to make data-informed decisions.

Responsibilities

 You will work with data engineers to analyse and tell a story with complex, high-volume, high-dimensionality data from multiple sources using different tools and data analysis techniques. 
 You will perform data-gap analysis on the data generated by the business processes to identify improvements in the existing data and define new data to be captured. 
 You will design data models that capture all the essential data generated by the business processes. 
 You will determine important metrics that provide feedback on the efficacy of the business. 
 You will prepare detailed reports that help the business monitor the processes and identify new areas of opportunity to improve the impact of their products and services. 
 You will evaluate, interpret, and present data to find risks and opportunities to improve our service. 
 You will conduct statistical analysis for hypothesis testing, prediction, or inference. 

 Qualifications 

Technical skills

 5+ years of work experience in a past analytical role, using data to create process improvements. 
 Bachelor's degree in a technical field (Computer Science, Statistics, Engineering, Mathematics, or Economics) or completion of post- secondary level Math and Statistics courses. 
 Proficient in SQL and Python. 
 Hands-on experience with Databricks technology, Elastic Search and Cloud Computing platforms (i.e. Azure, AWS, or GCP). 
 Experience with Microsoft Power BI or other comparable BI tools. 

Soft skills

 Be able to engage with both senior business management and technical people when discussing data analysis needs or findings. 
 Can move beyond data by translating customer needs into user requirements. 

Bc Compensation And Benefits

The base salary ranges listed below are for the defined geographic market pay zones in these locations. If you reside outside of these locations, a recruiter will advise on the base salary range and benefits for your specific location.

EA has listed the base salary ranges it in good faith expects to pay applicants for this role in the locations listed, as of the time of this posting. Salary offered will be determined based on numerous relevant business and candidate factors including, for example, education, qualifications, certifications, experience, skills, geographic location, and business or organizational needs.

BASE SALARY RANGES

 British Columbia (depending on location e.g. Vancouver vs. Victoria):

º $77,600 - $130,500 CAN Annually

Base salary is just one part of the overall compensation at EA. We also offer a package of benefits including vacation (3 weeks per year to start), 10 days per year of sick time, paid top-up to EI/QPIP benefits up to 100% of base salary when you welcome a new child (12 weeks for maternity, and 4 weeks for parental/adoption leave), extended health/dental/vision coverage, life insurance, disability insurance, retirement plan to regular full-time employees. Certain roles may also be eligible for bonus and equity.
About the job
Are you a dynamic professional passionate about leveraging data and analytics to drive impactful digital marketing strategies? We seek a highly skilled individual with unique expertise in web and data analytics, digital advertising, and client engagement. The ideal candidate will possess a robust analytical background, demonstrating at least five years of experience in meticulously analysing data and traffic to enhance company outcomes and goals.

Key Responsibilities:
Web Analytics
Utilise cutting-edge web analytics tools, such as Adobe Analytics and Google Analytics, to extract actionable insights.
Architect and operate SQL pipelines, showcasing proficiency in data analysis for informed decision-making.
Conduct comprehensive content reviews and management, providing strategic recommendations to elevate user experiences.
Collaborate closely with stakeholders to identify key pain points and implement solutions for optimised user engagement.

Digital Advertising:
Craft custom audience sets to refine advertising targeting, maximising ad efficiency and engagement.
Execute A/B testing methodologies across multiple creative sets, fine-tuning campaigns to achieve strategic goals.

This position is 100% remote. Overlap with EST timezone will be required.


Conversion Optimization:
Utilize data-driven insights to identify opportunities for improving conversion rates across various digital touchpoints.
Conduct thorough analyses of user behaviour, funnel performance, and customer journeys to implement targeted optimization strategies.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to implement and test conversion-focused enhancements on landing pages and user interfaces.
Stay abreast of industry best practices and emerging trends in conversion optimization, recommending and implementing improvements accordingly.

Requirements
Minimum of 5 years of hands-on experience in data analytics within the marketing field, demonstrating a proven track record of driving successful outcomes.
Demonstrable proficiency in utilising various analytics tools and best practices to uncover actionable insights.
Practical knowledge of SEO mechanics, showcasing an understanding of optimising conversion rates and measuring landing page success.
Previous experience with Google Data Studio, highlighting your ability to visualise and communicate complex data effectively.
Native-level English proficiency with exceptional verbal and written communication skills, enabling clear articulation of complex concepts.

**Disclaimer: Clevertech. offers will only come from @clevertech.biz personnel. Do not believe fraudulent Recruiters or similar domain names. clevertechenterprise@gmail.com and similar [clevertechjobname]@gmail are not affiliated whatsoever with Clevertech**
About the job
Why PlayStation?

PlayStation isn’t just the Best Place to Play — it’s also the Best Place to Work. Today, we’re recognized as a global leader in entertainment producing The PlayStation family of products and services including PlayStation®5, PlayStation®4, PlayStation®VR, PlayStation®Plus, acclaimed PlayStation software titles from PlayStation Studios, and more.

PlayStation also strives to create an inclusive environment that empowers employees and embraces diversity. We welcome and encourage everyone who has a passion and curiosity for innovation, technology, and play to explore our open positions and join our growing global team.

The PlayStation brand falls under Sony Interactive Entertainment, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Sony Corporation.

 Role can be based anywhere in Canada 

 Department overview: 

In Game Analytics, we work with some of the best game studios in the world -- responsible for developing some of the most recognisable and ambitious console games and franchises on PlayStation, including Uncharted, The Last of Us, Horizon, God of War, and Gran Turismo.

We provide end-to-end analytics services for PlayStation Studios and use data to help them make their amazing games even better. We seek dedicated people to join us in pushing the boundaries of game analytics for PlayStation.

What you will be doing:

As a Senior Game Data Analyst, you will be working in our cross-disciplinary team to help game studios use data efficiently to improve games. You will work with decision-makers to understand their goals, find opportunities, and guide decisions about features and games across the company. Your responsibilities will include:

Analysing data to deliver high quality insights that contribute to game improvements and drive revenue growth.
Collaborating with stakeholders to drive insightful data-informed conversations, spanning from initial business discussions to successful delivery.
Understanding project requirements, defining KPIs and standard metrics, and recommending robust telemetry design.
Overseeing data quality to ensure accuracy and reliability in reporting and analysis.

What we are looking for:

Advanced SQL knowledge, with a proven track record of applying these skills to analyse complex customer behaviour datasets.
Analytical skills to produce data-backed insights that help improve game design, including experience using statistics, probability, or other quantitative methods.
Experience in driving conversations with a large spectrum of stakeholders, translating sometimes fuzzy business needs into technical requirements, and delivering effective solutions.
In-depth knowledge of the gaming industry, including the realm of live service games.
Experience working with data visualisation tools, such as Looker or Tableau. 
Strong presentation skills with the ability to create compelling and engaging presentations.
Experience using and designing game telemetry with AAA or large mobile games.

Bonus points if you have:

A knack for trying and learning new things.
Experience in Python, Jupyter notebooks, R, or machine learning.

“ Please refer to our Candidate Privacy Notice for more information about how we process your personal information, and your data protection rights”

Equal Opportunity Statement:

Sony is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All persons will receive consideration for employment without regard to gender (including gender identity, gender expression and gender reassignment), race (including colour, nationality, ethnic or national origin), religion or belief, marital or civil partnership status, disability, age, sexual orientation, pregnancy or maternity, trade union membership or membership in any other legally protected category.

We strive to create an inclusive environment, empower employees and embrace diversity. We encourage everyone to respond.

PlayStation is a Fair Chance employer and qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records will be considered for employment.
About the job
Do you love sports?

We're looking for someone like you.

Job type - Contract based (Not part-time or full-time)

Get to know us - https://geniussports.com/statisticians-network/

This is an opportunity for exciting and fast-paced work as a Sports Statistician.

If you enjoy sports and would like to become a part of the sports industry, this could be your chance! You will get thorough training in using the company software which is used for entering the data in order to provide the best analyses of the game possible.

Requirements:
You are reliable, committed, organized, and honest.
Above-average Soccer & Ice Hockey knowledge with regard to the Laws of the Game, basic tactics, and jargon
Regular availability on weekends and weekday evenings
Regular internet access
Access to Skype and YouTube for meetings and training tools

Interested and want to learn more?
Tell us a bit about yourself and we'll be in touch with you for more information about becoming sports a statistician. You must be 18 or older to apply
About the job
#WeAreCrowdStrike and our mission is to stop breaches. As a global leader in cybersecurity, our team changed the game. Since our inception, our market leading cloud-native platform has offered unparalleled protection against the most sophisticated cyberattacks. We’re looking for people with limitless passion, a relentless focus on innovation and a fanatical commitment to the customer to join us in shaping the future of cybersecurity. Consistently recognized as a top workplace, CrowdStrike is committed to cultivating an inclusive, remote-first culture that offers people the autonomy and flexibility to balance the needs of work and life while taking their career to the next level. Interested in working for a company that sets the standard and leads with integrity? Join us on a mission that matters - one team, one fight.

About The Role

We are seeking a passionate competitive intelligence/field professional to support our product and sales teams. This role will function as the competitive product leader within CrowdStrike for Falcon for IT.

In this role you will be directly working with our product teams to guide roadmap decisions by developing a deep, nuanced understanding of the competition’s technical capabilities, primary GTM strategy/tactics, as well as why CrowdStrike wins or loses vs. the competition in visibility and automation in IT and security workflows. You will partner with senior leaders across Product Groups, Sales, Enablement, and Marketing to achieve these objectives and scale to a global level.

This role requires deep technical knowledge in IT cyber security, and a functional understanding of actual real-world deployments, extended use-cases, and customer motivations. Make recommendations on sales tactics and product strategy to enable CrowdStrike to win in the market.

This is an individual contributor, remote work position.

What You’ll Do

You will be required to synthesize and formulate guidance from a variety of information levels and sources (technical, business, field, external) and regularly present key takeaways to the field and to senior leadership
Provide a field-actionable, in-depth and ever-evolving understanding and analysis of the IT Operations (IT Ops) visibility and automation market relative to CrowdStrike solutions and capabilities
Provide tailored deal support (competitive surgeries & guidance), and develop a deep rapport with the field
You will work closely with the rest of the Competitive Intelligence team at CrowdStrike, as well as other key stakeholders (including the office of the CTO, field leadership, sales ops, product, and marketing teams), functioning as a primary liaison for IT Ops competition which includes development of competitive support material and competitive readiness plans
Make recommendations on sales tactics and product strategy to enable CrowdStrike to win in the market
Will be expected to be a self-starter with an ownership mentality. You will work autonomously in the development of project plans, requirements, timelines, content, and ongoing tracking/updates of the IT competitive landscape.

What You’ll Need

Bachelor’s degree or higher in a relevant field
Minimum 5 years of experience in the IT market with heavy emphasis on IT Ops and endpoint management
Minimum of 5 years relevant work experience (Ideal candidates will have experience in at least TWO of the following): sales engineer/pre-sales, competitive intelligence, solution architect, sales operations, product management, technical marketing, professional services, and technical support
Proven ability to synthesize complex technical concepts into field actionable guidance and executive summaries
Superior communication skills including experience presenting to senior & executive level management
Excellent people and project management skills to manage projects and interact/build rapport with staff, colleagues, cross-functional teams and third parties

Bonus Points

Direct experience with customers (as a customer, or in a customer support or field role)
Hands-on experience with products (either evaluating/testing or in production)

Benefits Of Working At CrowdStrike

Remote-first culture
Market leader in compensation and equity awards
Competitive vacation and flexible working arrangements 
Comprehensive and inclusive health benefits
Physical and mental wellness programs
Paid parental leave, including adoption 
A variety of professional development and mentorship opportunities
Offices with stocked kitchens when you need to fuel innovation and collaboration

We are committed to fostering a culture of belonging where everyone feels seen, heard, valued for who they are and empowered to succeed. Our approach to cultivating a diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture is rooted in listening, learning and collective action. By embracing the diversity of our people, we achieve our best work and fuel innovation - generating the best possible outcomes for our customers and the communities they serve.

CrowdStrike is committed to maintaining an environment of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action. If you need reasonable accommodation to access the information provided on this website, please contact Recruiting@crowdstrike.com , for further assistance.

CrowdStrike participates in the E-Verify program.

Notice of E-Verify Participation

Right to Work

CrowdStrike, Inc. is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in the U.S. is $110,000 - $175,000 per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

CrowdStrike Canada ULC is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in Canada is $110,000 - $180,000 CAD per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

Expected Close Date of Job Posting is:02-22-2024
About the job
Type of position: Regular

 Looking to build your career with us? 

Join BBA and become part of a team of talented people who have a passion for success and a willingness to push themselves to offer their clients the best. You’ll also have the chance to work on stimulating and instructive projects. You’ll be coached by experienced people who are committed to developing their colleagues and happy to share their knowledge.

BBA is a stimulating, friendly, fun and inclusive place to work. We focus on building complementary teams and provide employees with a work environment that fosters personal and professional development.

 With us, you’ll have the opportunity to... 

 Design and develop advanced data analysis and artificial intelligence (AI) projects for our industrial and manufacturing clients . 
 Support our clients in leveraging their data by proposing innovative solutions based on concepts such as machine learning and predictive maintenance. 
 Have an impact on tomorrow’s companies by participating in their digital transformation. 
 Work on a stimulating team that pushes you to excel and learn more. 
 Lead project teams as a technical leader using your experience and skills. 
 Develop a network of contacts and practical experience in the field while serving as a client representative. 
 Participate in managing and implementing utility systems and software as well as other industrial software packages. 
 Ensure the quality of professional services and maintain good client relationships. 

 Do your qualities and values match our corporate culture? 

 Action-oriented 
 Strong communication and soft skills 
 Resourceful and ingenious 
 Creative 
 Rigorous 
 Team player 

Profile And Essential Skills

 Bachelor's degree in applied mathematics, computer science or another field relevant to advanced data analysis 
 Bilingual (English and French) 
 Good knowledge of data management (warehousing, virtualization, modelling, extraction and manipulation of real-time data flows) 
 Good knowledge of the various data analysis tools (machine learning, Python and R languages) 
 Strong ability to analyze and synthesize 
 Ability to absorb large amounts of information and prioritize actions 
 Ability to influence and political acumen 
 Good knowledge of the main AI players and up-to-date knowledge of current market trends 
 Experience in AI, machine learning, natural language processing or other related fields 
 Experience in coaching and developing machine learning models for real-time processing in production environments 
 Experience with a variety of learning algorithms, e.g., supervised, unsupervised and reinforcement learning and different variants of neural network models 
 Soft skills in managing projects and technical teams 

 Assets 

 Master's degree or PhD in statistics, applied mathematics, computer science or another field relevant to advanced data analysis 
 Knowledge of SCADA systems and industrial communication protocols 
 Knowledge of industrial data historian systems (PI or other systems) 
 Basic knowledge of software programming and relational databases 

With Us, You’ll Have Many Benefits

 A dynamic engagement committee with something for everyone 
 Access to many experts and mentoring 
 A collaborative team that shares its ideas and knowledge 
 Custom training and development plans 
 A flexible schedule that allows you to work at the office and from home 
 A friendly environment where everyone’s ideas are listened to and where there is no sense of hierarchy 
 Friendly, eco-mindful and high-tech workspaces 

About BBA

For over 40 years, we’ve been pushing the boundaries of engineering to serve our clients in the Energy and Natural Resources sector. At BBA, we develop innovative, flexible and sustainable solutions, from strategy to execution.

BBA is one of Canada’s leading private consulting engineering firms, focused on practice (PCB), with a network of 15 offices. Our teams work closely to deliver projects that shape tomorrow’s industry at the local, national and international levels.

Our people’s passion and excellence make BBA a Canada’s Best Employer and one of Canada’s Best Managed Companies .

We have unique talents, and we’re committed to providing a workplace where you can be yourself . Job postings are written in gender-neutral language.

Learn more about us by visiting our LinkedIn page and join the networks of our talent attraction specialists to speak with them directly.
About the job
#WeAreCrowdStrike and our mission is to stop breaches. As a global leader in cybersecurity, our team changed the game. Since our inception, our market leading cloud-native platform has offered unparalleled protection against the most sophisticated cyberattacks. We’re looking for people with limitless passion, a relentless focus on innovation and a fanatical commitment to the customer to join us in shaping the future of cybersecurity. Consistently recognized as a top workplace, CrowdStrike is committed to cultivating an inclusive, remote-first culture that offers people the autonomy and flexibility to balance the needs of work and life while taking their career to the next level. Interested in working for a company that sets the standard and leads with integrity? Join us on a mission that matters - one team, one fight.

About The Role

We are seeking a passionate competitive intelligence/field professional to support our product and sales teams. This role will function as the competitive product leader within CrowdStrike for Falcon for IT.

In this role you will be directly working with our product teams to guide roadmap decisions by developing a deep, nuanced understanding of the competition’s technical capabilities, primary GTM strategy/tactics, as well as why CrowdStrike wins or loses vs. the competition in visibility and automation in IT and security workflows. You will partner with senior leaders across Product Groups, Sales, Enablement, and Marketing to achieve these objectives and scale to a global level.

This role requires deep technical knowledge in IT cyber security, and a functional understanding of actual real-world deployments, extended use-cases, and customer motivations. Make recommendations on sales tactics and product strategy to enable CrowdStrike to win in the market.

This is an individual contributor, remote work position.

What You’ll Do

You will be required to synthesize and formulate guidance from a variety of information levels and sources (technical, business, field, external) and regularly present key takeaways to the field and to senior leadership
Provide a field-actionable, in-depth and ever-evolving understanding and analysis of the IT Operations (IT Ops) visibility and automation market relative to CrowdStrike solutions and capabilities
Provide tailored deal support (competitive surgeries & guidance), and develop a deep rapport with the field
You will work closely with the rest of the Competitive Intelligence team at CrowdStrike, as well as other key stakeholders (including the office of the CTO, field leadership, sales ops, product, and marketing teams), functioning as a primary liaison for IT Ops competition which includes development of competitive support material and competitive readiness plans
Make recommendations on sales tactics and product strategy to enable CrowdStrike to win in the market
Will be expected to be a self-starter with an ownership mentality. You will work autonomously in the development of project plans, requirements, timelines, content, and ongoing tracking/updates of the IT competitive landscape.

What You’ll Need

Bachelor’s degree or higher in a relevant field
Minimum 5 years of experience in the IT market with heavy emphasis on IT Ops and endpoint management
Minimum of 5 years relevant work experience (Ideal candidates will have experience in at least TWO of the following): sales engineer/pre-sales, competitive intelligence, solution architect, sales operations, product management, technical marketing, professional services, and technical support
Proven ability to synthesize complex technical concepts into field actionable guidance and executive summaries
Superior communication skills including experience presenting to senior & executive level management
Excellent people and project management skills to manage projects and interact/build rapport with staff, colleagues, cross-functional teams and third parties

Bonus Points

Direct experience with customers (as a customer, or in a customer support or field role)
Hands-on experience with products (either evaluating/testing or in production)

Benefits Of Working At CrowdStrike

Remote-first culture
Market leader in compensation and equity awards
Competitive vacation and flexible working arrangements 
Comprehensive and inclusive health benefits
Physical and mental wellness programs
Paid parental leave, including adoption 
A variety of professional development and mentorship opportunities
Offices with stocked kitchens when you need to fuel innovation and collaboration

We are committed to fostering a culture of belonging where everyone feels seen, heard, valued for who they are and empowered to succeed. Our approach to cultivating a diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture is rooted in listening, learning and collective action. By embracing the diversity of our people, we achieve our best work and fuel innovation - generating the best possible outcomes for our customers and the communities they serve.

CrowdStrike is committed to maintaining an environment of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action. If you need reasonable accommodation to access the information provided on this website, please contact Recruiting@crowdstrike.com , for further assistance.

CrowdStrike participates in the E-Verify program.

Notice of E-Verify Participation

Right to Work

CrowdStrike, Inc. is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in the U.S. is $110,000 - $175,000 per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

CrowdStrike Canada ULC is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in Canada is $110,000 - $180,000 CAD per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

Expected Close Date of Job Posting is:02-22-2024
About the job
TD Description

Our Values

At TD we're guided by our purpose is to enrich the lives of our customers, communities and colleagues, and share a set of values that shape our culture and guide our behavior. In exchange for how our colleagues show up to help TD succeed, we are committed to delivering a colleague experience grounded in Impact, Growth and a Culture of Care. No matter where you work across TD, we empower you to make an impact at work and in your community, explore and grow your career and be part of our caring and inclusive culture.

Making Your Well-being a Priority

A supportive culture that promotes colleague well-being is core to who we are. At TD, we focus on total well-being with extensive programs to help colleagues assess, manage, and improve their well-being across four core pillars — physical, financial, social and mental/emotional. In addition, we champion a safe and inclusive work environment so colleagues feel a sense of belonging and feel supported in their personal and professional growth. Through our focus on well-being, we know that we can help our colleagues thrive, contribute to our culture of care, and support better business outcomes, because when colleagues feel their best, they're more likely to do their best.

Our Total Rewards Package

Our Total Rewards package reflects the investment we make in our colleagues to help them, and their families achieve their well-being goals. Total Rewards at TD includes a base salary, variable compensation, and several other key plans such as health and well-being benefits including medical, dental, vision & mental health coverage, savings and retirement programs, paid time off, banking benefits and discounts, career development, and reward and recognition programs.

How We Work

At TD, we believe in-person connections fuel collaboration and collective creativity. Our workplace experience empowers colleagues to do great work side-by-side at TD locations, while offering flexibility to work remotely where it makes sense for the work and team. Our teams work in one of three workplace models: Hybrid, Onsite and Primarily Remote. Wherever our colleagues are working, they’ll always have access to the TD community and experience our culture of care.

Who We Are

TD is one of the world's leading global financial institutions and is the fifth largest bank in North America by branches. Every day, we deliver legendary customer experiences to over 27 million households and businesses in Canada, the United States and around the world. More than 95,000 TD colleagues bring their skills, talent, and creativity to the Bank, those we serve, and the economies we support. We are guided by our vision to Be the Better Bank and our purpose to enrich the lives of our customers, communities and colleagues.

TD is deeply committed to being a leader in customer experience, that is why we believe that all colleagues, no matter where they work, are customer facing. As we build our business and deliver on our strategy, we are innovating to enhance the customer experience and build capabilities to shape the future of banking. Whether you’ve got years of banking experience or are just starting your career in financial services, we can help you realize your potential. Through regular leadership and development conversations to mentorship and training programs, we’re here to support you towards your goals. As an organization, we keep growing – and so will you.

Department Overview

The Workforce Management (WFM) team is part of the North American Phone Channel Shared Services, providing ongoing support and leadership in the following specialty areas: Sales strategy, Customer and Employee Experience, Governance / Operating Solutions, Enterprise Workforce Management and Business Solutions. It is our high performing teams who create a passion for the customer experience and make North American Phone Channel Shared Services (NAPCSS) a great place to work. NAPCSS supports over a dozen lines of businesses, including all of the businesses in Canadian Personal Banking, Wealth, Direct Investing, TD Insurance, and US Contact Centre; driving superior solutions to enable a better Phone experience, and championing continuous improvement within the Phone network. We are supporters of a caring performance culture and leaders in great community spirit. NAPCSS offers a unique career opportunity to make an impact and build for the future. We seek individuals with a positive attitude who are driven to produce extraordinary results and would like to work in an environment that is fun, high energy, fast-paced, and collaborative.

Job Description

Reporting to the Manager, Forecasting/ Planning, the successful candidate will be responsible for ensuring operational KPI targets and efficiency goals are met by providing the business with complete end-to-end Workforce Management (WFM) support. This position is responsible for producing an 18-month rolling forecast of contact center demand, capacity, service outlooks and productivity. The successful candidate will create compelling performance impact analysis, budget plans, and risk mitigation tactics to help support our operational business leaders.

Primary Responsibilities

Support business decisions through the preparation of accurate KPI forecasts, with specific focus on improving customer experience and maximizing operational efficiencies 
Provide detailed analysis on current & future market environments to help facilitate high-impact decision making process
Aggregate forecast information into comprehensive, executive level presentation material
Present analysis in a clear, concise manner with specific recommendations on how to improve Service Level and efficiency
Leverage statistical methodologies (regression, correlation etc.) to assess the impact of new market data 
Track KPI performance (e.g., service level, call volume, AHT, shrinkage etc.) to highlight performance trends
Assess short, medium, and long-term impacts of hiring, queue consolidation, attrition, digital automation, off/nearshoring and contingent labor
Support the maintenance & development of workforce planning tools / processes
Communicate effectively with internal and external stakeholders in accordance with TD's policies, guidelines, and procedures

Key Relationships

Reports to Manager, Forecasting/ Planning
Finance, Talent Acquisition, Learning & Development, Product & Strategic Initiative partners
Distribution & Contact Centre leaders across different locations
Daily working relationships with all level of TDBG

Job Requirements

Exceptional analytical skills with high attention to detail
Proficient with MS Office Suite (Excel, PowerPoint, Word)
Strong organizational skills with a proven ability to multitask
Ability to articulate reasons for forecast variance and recommend changes to enhance forecast accuracy and effectiveness
Clear and thorough understanding of short, medium, and long-term forecasting practices
Ability to quickly learn new technology/software/systems
Superior verbal and written communication skills
Driven to continual improvement of processes and working environment
Enjoys working in an agile, fast pace and collaborative environment

Additional Information

EDUCATION & WORK EXPERIENCE:

A post-secondary degree in business, economics, computers, or other related fields of study
3-5 years of experience in workforce management, planning, and analytics
Experience with database management and/or visualization software such as Tableau, Power BI, SQL is an asset. Good to have PHP, Python, R etc. 
Experience with Genesys Decisions forecasting software is an asset

Inclusiveness

Our Commitment to Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion

At TD, we’re committed to fostering an environment where all colleagues are encouraged to bring their authentic selves to work, experience equitable opportunities, and feel respected and supported. We’re dedicated to building an inclusive workforce that reflects the diversity of the customers and the communities in which we live and serve.

Accommodation

Your accessibility is important to us. Please let us know if you’d like accommodations (including accessible meeting rooms, captioning for virtual interviews, etc.) to help us remove barriers so that you can participate throughout the interview process.

How We're Helping Make An Impact In Communities

TD has a long-standing commitment to help drive progress towards a more inclusive and sustainable future. That’s why we launched the TD Ready Commitment in 2018, now a multi-year North American initiative. Under the TD Ready Commitment, we are targeting a total of $1 billion by 2030 in community giving four key, interconnected drivers of change: Financial Security, Vibrant Planet, Connected Communities, and Better Health. It’s our goal to help support change, nurture progress, and contribute to making the world a better, more inclusive place for our customers, colleagues, and communities.

We look forward to hearing from you!
About the job
About Klick Health

Meet a different kind of workplace. Klick Health is an ecosystem of brilliant minds working to realize the full potential of their people and clients in life sciences since 1997. And we’re still growing fast, even after two decades. What does that mean for you? As Klick experiences exponential growth year-over-year, so do the people who help make it happen. Because we’re constantly evolving and changing, we invest in talent early and often, to develop future leaders at all levels. We’re one of the country’s Top 10 Great Workplaces, 10 Most Inspiring Cultures, Best Workplace for Innovators, Best Managed, and Fastest Growing. We know that career paths are seldom simple and straightforward. And that's an asset. If you feel like you'd be a good fit for this role, we encourage you to apply and take the first steps to starting your career journey at Klick!

 Key Responsibilities: 

Conduct hands-on analysis targeting executive-level audiences, focusing on key priorities, and ensuring a client-facing approach to deliver strategic insights
Clearly define and communicate data requirements to database marketing specialists, addressing critical business questions and contributing to ad-hoc analysis as needed
Foster a culture of measurability by implementing and managing data collection systems across various channels, including website tagging and Tag Manager systems, with a keen eye on client-centric objectives
Precisely define data requirements for database marketing specialists to address critical business questions, ensuring alignment with client expectations and industry standards
Deliver actionable insights to stakeholders, utilizing advanced techniques in data automation and analysis, particularly in the context of pharmaceutical or marketing agency experience
Promote the inventive use of quantitative analysis to improve business outcomes, with a focus on innovative solutions tailored to client needs
Drive continuous improvement in data quality and reliability through effective data warehouse management and methodology application, enhancing client satisfaction and project outcome


Qualifications: 

5+ years of hands-on data analysis experience, including manipulation and analysis of large, multi-dimensional datasets, preferably within a client-facing role
3+ years of expertise in web analytics tools, specifically Google Analytics (knowledge of WebTrends and/or SiteCatalyst is a plus), emphasizing experience in client-centric projects
Proficient with Tag Management Systems such as Google Tag Manager, Tealium, and Ensighten, with a focus on client-related applications
Proficiency in various digital marketing tactics, including online media (display, paid search, SEO), CRM, and mobile apps, with hands-on experience in client-driven projects
Strong grasp of statistical analysis principles, applied in the context of pharmaceutical or marketing agency environments. 
Ability to communicate complex findings persuasively to senior and executive-level clients, demonstrating a client-centric approach in communication
 Above-average SQL skills for data extraction, manipulation, and insight discovery, particularly in a client-facing setting
Mid-level proficiency in Tableau for data visualization and analysis, with a focus on client-specific reporting requirements.
Experience with data warehouse technologies and methodologies, showcasing adaptability to client needs and industry standards
Knowledge of website tagging and tag management for accurate data collection, with an emphasis on client-related projects
Proven ability to automate data processes and perform in-depth analysis, with a preference for candidates holding Google Ads certifications.


Klick is consciously creating a culture where everyone can thrive and grow in their careers. We believe that our best work comes from our diverse backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We strongly encourage members of historically underrepresented communities to apply, including Black people, Indigenous peoples, and other people of colour, people with disabilities, people from gender and sexually diverse communities and people with intersectional identities.

We’re also committed to developing an inclusive, barrier-free recruitment process and work environment. Should you require any accommodation, please contact us at careers@klick.com and we will work with you to meet your accessibility needs and ensure you have a positive experience.
About the job
Working Title

Data Analyst

Reports To

Manager, Data Centre Operations

Based In

Ottawa, ON

Term

Contract (12 months)

About Us

With over 37 years of seismic technology and industry application experience, we are a global, award-winning company providing monitoring solutions and equipment for studying artificial and natural seismicity. From mission-critical seismic arrays, tsunami and early earthquake warning systems in over 90 countries across the globe to induced seismicity monitoring in the energy sector. Nanometrics specializes in full-service, integrated solutions for studying artificial and natural seismicity, including turnkey seismic networks, industry-leading precision instrumentation, complete data processing, analysis services, and software applications.

About You

You are passionate about processing data in a collaborative environment! You are eager to understand the data’s story by connecting all the intricacies the data is telling us. You don’t shy away from a new challenge and pride yourself on being a continuous learner.

The Team 

We are a proactive and innovative team who are passionate about making a positive impact listening to the Earth! We marvel at the data we process and are dedicated to enhancing client experience by helping them achieve their goals.

The Role

 Daily review of automatically-detected seismic events for real-time seismic monitoring systems 
 Manually review and process large datasets from temporary seismic network deployments 
 Configure analysis tools with appropriate parameters for effective manual review 
 Perform quality control (QC) of event catalog to point out anomalies and insights 
 Generate reports on seismic activity and deliver to customers 
 Perform seismic station noise analysis and review 
 Answer customer client inquiries and requests 
 Updating customer portals with GIS map layers 
 Provide feedback on Nanometrics data analysis tools and processes to drive bug fixes, design changes and usability improvements 
 Archive and organize seismic catalogs 

What You Bring

 Post-secondary degree in sciences or equivalent required 
 Strong computer skills 
 Experience with large data sets is required 
 Be able to and willing to support Network Operation Centre’s 24/7 on-call service 

Why You’ll Love Us 

 You will be joining an amazing team of energetic and dedicated professionals in a dynamic, collaborative and progressive atmosphere 
 Competitive total compensation package including Benefits, RRSP, and Bonus opportunities 
 The chance to make positive and impactful contributions in your work 
 Nanometrics supports and encourages learning opportunities and provides access to LinkedIn Learning and several other Professional Development opportunities 

Nanometrics is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees. Nanometrics is committed to meeting the accessibility needs of applicants throughout the recruitment and selection process. To make a request for accommodation or if you have questions about any particular requirements for one of our roles, please email careers @nanometrics.ca
About the job
Fiche de poste - Analyste fonctionnel, Spécialisé en données

Chez Intelli5, nous sommes bien plus qu'une entreprise de technologies de l'information, nous sommes un catalyseur d'innovation en TI et d’excellence, tout particulièrement dans les domaines de la donnée et de l’IA.

Nous sommes aujourd’hui à la recherche de talents passionnés pour renforcer notre équipe.

Fondée en 2016 à Montréal, Intelli5 offre des services professionnels en TI aux entreprises situées au Canada et actives dans différents secteurs. Nous nous engageons à offrir à nos clients une approche entièrement personnalisée, une totale transparence et fiabilité. Nous croyons que faire le petit plus est ce qui fait la différence dans cette industrie compétitive. Nous prenons le temps de comprendre les objectifs et les défis de chacun de nos clients pour adapter notre offre de service afin de répondre et dépasser leurs attentes.

Nous investissons tout autant dans nos employés en vous offrant des opportunités de développement, des défis stimulants et un environnement propice à votre croissance professionnelle.

Rejoignez Intelli5 dans la suite de son aventure et faites partie d'une histoire de réussite en TI. Ensemble, nous pouvons accomplir l'extraordinaire.

Responsabilités
Agir spécialiste auprès des équipes de développement pour faciliter la transition d'entrepôts de données actuel vers Snowflake, puis ensuite participer à la mise en place d'outils de reporting. Il y aussi un volet de création de nouveaux entrepôts de données.
Participe à l'identification et à l’analyse des besoins d’affaires ainsi qu’à la définition des spécifications pour l’équipe de développement informationnel
Responsable de faire le pont entre le besoin du partenaire et l’équipe de développement
Peut être amené à participer à certaines preuves de concept à différents niveaux (modélisation de données, rapports Power BI, etc.)
Rédige et participe aux différents tests dans les divers environnements du produit informationnel (Dev, QA, Production).
Projet visant la modernisation et l’optimisation des processus d’affaires concernant la planification stratégique de la main d’œuvre.

Exigences
Avoir un minimum 6 ans d'expérience d'analyse fonctionnelle en intelligence d'affaires.
Avoir une connaissance des étapes par lesquelles passent les données, soit de l’ingestion jusqu’à la consommation, ainsi que des outils qui s’y rattachent.
Posséder de l'expérience avec le langage SQL et SSIS
Avoir une connaissance dans la réalisation de présentations à l’aide d’outils de visualisation de données, en particulier Power BI et MS SSIS
Avoir une connaissance de l’outil de développement Snowflake
About the job
Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.

What You’ll Do

Work closely with the Capital Markets team to evaluate, structure and price consumer asset-backed transactions
Develop and enhance capital structuring and pricing models tailored to Affirm’s consumer loan portfolio to enable efficient deal execution
Build quantitative models to analyze and predict the performance of Affirm’s consumer loans
Provide insights on capital markets deals to cross-functional teams for more optimal and efficient funding strategy and merchant pricing
Partner cross-functionally with our Capital Markets, Treasury, Merchant Pricing, Credit, Commercial, Product and Engineering teams to evaluate funding, product, and business decisions

What We Look For

4+ years of relevant experience structuring asset-backed transactions, forecasting consumer loan performance, and/or building quantitative models
Experience with industry-standard tools such as Intex/Bloomberg and working with accountants, rating agencies, and internal/external partners
Experience with SQL, Python, or other scripting languages
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, and ability to collaborate and influence across different teams in the organization
A proactive leader that can seek out new opportunities, drive projects, navigate ambiguity and develop creative solutions with minimal guidance
Desire to understand the broader context of business decisions

Pay Grade - CAN29

Employees new to Affirm or promoted into a new role, typically begin in the min to mid range.

CAN Base Pay Range Per Year

Min: $105,300

Mid: $131,600

Max: $157,900

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.

Benefits

We’re extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include:

 Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
 Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses 
 Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge 
 ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount 

We believe It’s On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.

[For U.S. positions that could be performed in Los Angeles or San Francisco] Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, Affirm will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

By clicking "Submit Application," you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
About the job
FSRA is guided by our vision of financial safety, fairness and choice for Ontarians. We achieve this by public service through dynamic, principles-based and outcomes-focused regulation. FSRA is committed to attracting and retaining exceptional people who bring energy, expertise, and experience. This includes providing a comprehensive total rewards package that looks beyond compensation and takes into consideration those things that are important to employees:

High employee engagement scores with opportunity for growth, learning and development
Flexibility with a hybrid work model in an office designed for collaboration
Competitive benefits plan, including a Defined Benefit pension plan
Promoting wellness and fostering an inclusive environment where all employees feel valued and respected
Culture of giving back to our communities through charitable activities

Job Description:

PURPOSE OF POSITION

Accountable for the design, development and maintenance of department information resource files and manuals, conducting research and coordinating the development and publication of department information bulletins, newsletters and Website content for employees and internal stakeholders on licensing and registration legislation, policies, procedures, and processes of FSRA.

Note : This is a 12 Month Contract Position.

Key Responsibilities

Develops and maintains department resource information files, manuals and data base systems. Consults with department management and staff to identify resource needs for staff and clients, and researches, develops and implements resource information systems and processes.
Maintains computerized data bases of information about registrant companies/institutions.
Provides analytical support to management and staff by extracting, analyzing and preparing reports in response to internal information requests.
Provides input to the preparation of the annual report by extracting reporting data from data bases, checking for accuracy, and submitting to the staff member coordinating publication of the annual report.
Provides information research and analysis support to the manager and assists in the preparation of section reports and briefings. Undertakes special projects as assigned.
 Monitors and analyzes data for the life licence qualifications program. Logs problems and necessary data system amendments and works with other areas of FSRA or approved data system projects as department liaison.
Coordinates assembly and preparation of information from department staff, and designs/develops newsletters and information bulletins for department stakeholder sectors on legislation and policies, and licensing/registration requirements, procedures, and processes. Coordinates the preparation of mass mailings.
Develops web content related to department services/processes and monitors the site to ensure integrity and accuracy of information.
Conducts research of information and preparation of responses related to requests under legislation governing freedom of information.

Qualifications

Education and Experience 

Diploma/degree in Records Management, Information Management or a related field.
3 – 4 years of experience developing and maintaining electronic filing systems.

Knowledge And Skills

Knowledge of information management systems, procedures, practices, and processes to establish and maintain electronic filing systems.
General understanding of the legislation governing FSRA’s policies and licensing/registration processes and systems to prepare information bulletins and newsletters for use by internal/external clients, and to update website information.
Knowledge of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act (FIPPA) to research and prepare responses for information inquiries.
Knowledge of business operations of client registrant companies to ensure that published information meets the business needs of stakeholder clients.
Research skills to conduct research assignments and projects.
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy.
Ability to prioritize and handle multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment with attention to detail and accuracy.
Interpersonal skills and the ability to tactfully communicate with various levels, internally and externally, to request or provide information.
Ability to develop and maintain collaborative working relationships, while demonstrating a high level of cooperation and mutual respect.
Written and verbal communication to gather information from staff for the preparation of newsletters and information bulletins, and to prepare information bulletins, newsletters, and research summaries/reports.
Proficient with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, SharePoint, Teams) and other internal applications, as required.

Job Posting End Date:

02/06/2024

Job postings close at 11:59pm on the date noted.

Compensation Grade:

Grade 02-AMAPCEO

Compensation Range:

$53,729.00

$73,069.00

Bargaining Unit:

AMAPCEO

Job Code:

Job Code: 2A004

Employment Type:

Fixed Term (Fixed Term)

Scheduled Weekly Hours:

36.25

FSRA is committed to ensuring equity in employment. Our goal is to create a diverse, inclusive workforce that reflects the communities we serve and to ensure our services and communications are accessible to all individuals. Accommodation is available under the Ontario Human Rights Code.

NOTE: ONLY QUALIFIED CANDIDATES WILL BE CONSIDERED
About the job
Job Summary

Are you a tech-savvy student with a passion for data and real estate? Want to gain valuable experience within a dynamic, fast-paced corporate environment? The Corporate Real Estate Group at RBC is seeking a summer student to join our team. In this role, you'll contribute to our data-driven decision-making by creating insightful Tableau dashboards and crafting SQL queries for analyzing critical real estate data.

Job Description

What will you do?

Work closely with the RBC Corporate Real Estate team to understand the data needs and business objectives.
Design and develop interactive Tableau dashboards to visualize performance metrics, market trends, and property portfolio insights.
Write and execute complex SQL queries to extract and transform data from internal and external sources.
Maintain and update existing dashboards and data pipelines to ensure accuracy and efficiency.
Research and propose new data analysis techniques and technologies to enhance reporting capabilities.
Assist with other data-related projects as assigned.

Must Haves:

Interest in Real Estate Management & Financing
Knowledge of Tableau
Knowledge of SQL
Communication Skills
Knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel & Powerpoint

Job Skills

Commercial Real Estate Financing, Communication, Computer Literacy, Detail-Oriented, Interpersonal Relationships, Listening Effectively, Personal Development, PostgreSQL, Real Estate Management, Structured Query Language (SQL), Tableau Desktop, Tableau Server, Taking Initiative

Additional Job Details

Address:

BAY WELLINGTON TOWER, 181 BAY ST:TORONTO

City:

TORONTO

Country:

Canada

Work hours/week:

37.5

Employment Type:

Full time

Platform:

STRATEGY AND ADMINISTRATION

Job Type:

Student/Coop (Fixed Term)

Pay Type:

Salaried

Posted Date:

2024-01-24

Application Deadline:

2024-02-26

Inclusion and Equal Opportunity Employment

At RBC, we embrace diversity and inclusion for innovation and growth. We are committed to building inclusive teams and an equitable workplace for our employees to bring their true selves to work. We are taking actions to tackle issues of inequity and systemic bias to support our diverse talent, clients and communities.

We also strive to provide an accessible candidate experience for our prospective employees with different abilities. Please let us know if you need any accommodations during the recruitment process.

Join our Talent Community

Stay in-the-know about great career opportunities at RBC. Sign up and get customized info on our latest jobs, career tips and Recruitment events that matter to you.

Expand your limits and create a new future together at RBC. Find out how we use our passion and drive to enhance the well-being of our clients and communities at jobs.rbc.com
About the job
Who We Are

Geotab ® is a global leader in IoT and connected transportation and certified “Great Place to Work ™ .” We are a company of diverse and talented individuals who work together to help businesses grow and succeed, and increase the safety and sustainability of our communities.

Geotab is advancing security, connecting commercial vehicles to the internet and providing web-based analytics to help customers better manage their fleets. Geotab’s open platform and Geotab Marketplace ® , offering hundreds of third-party solution options, allows both small and large businesses to automate operations by integrating vehicle data with their other data assets. Processing billions of data points a day, Geotab leverages data analytics and machine learning to improve productivity, optimize fleets through the reduction of fuel consumption, enhance driver safety and achieve strong compliance to regulatory changes.

Our team is growing and we’re looking for people who follow their passion, think differently and want to make an impact. Ours is a fast paced, ever changing environment. Geotabbers accept that challenge and are willing to take on new tasks and activities - ones that may not always be described in the initial job description. Join us for a fulfilling career with opportunities to innovate, great benefits, and our fun and inclusive work culture. Reach your full potential with Geotab. To see what it’s like to be a Geotabber, check out our blog and follow us @InsideGeotab on Instagram . Join our talent network to learn more about job opportunities and company news.

Who You Are

We are always looking for amazing talent who can contribute to our growth and deliver results! Geotab is seeking a Lead Data Analyst who will be responsible for creating a proficient and reliable monitoring and alert system that comprehensively understands Geotab products, and is efficient in promptly delivering insightful information to a variety of stakeholders. If you love technology, and are keen to join an industry leader — we would love to hear from you!

What You'll Do

The Lead Data Analyst will be designing, implementing, testing, and maintaining robust, production-level monitoring, and alerting systems and pipelines.

How You’ll Make An Impact

Supervise and mentor a team of data analysts, providing guidance on best practices, methodologies, and professional development.
Responsible for data analysis and interpretation by conducting advanced data analysis using statistical methods, machine learning algorithms, and data visualization tools.
Translate complex data sets into actionable insights, trends, and prepare recommendations for key stakeholders.
Collaborate with business leaders to understand their data needs and deliver analyses that support strategic decision-making.
Implement and maintain data governance practices to ensure compliance with industry standards and regulations.
Design, develop, and implement an efficient, user-friendly monitoring and alert system, enabling easy creation and management of various alerts
Take ownership of designing, developing, and maintaining scalable machine learning models for anomaly detection.
Oversee the design and delivery of reports and insights, analyzing business functions, key operations, and performance metrics.
Manage the design, development, and maintenance of ongoing metrics, reports, analyses, and dashboards to steer key business decisions.
Facilitate the organization's transition from prescriptive to predictive analytics by developing relevant processes and products.
Serve as a Subject Matter Expert (SME), extending guidance to team members and participating in departmental and cross-departmental projects while showcasing expert project leadership.
Collaborate with cross-functional teams including product managers, data engineers, data analysts, data scientists, and developers,to gather requirements and build data products.
Promote knowledge sharing within the team, avoiding potential single points of failure, and utilizing influence without authority to tackle technical impediments

What You’ll Bring To This Role

Masters or equivalent degree in Computer Science, Computer Engineering, Electrical Engineering, Data Science or a related field.
8-10 years experience as a Data Analyst, Data Scientist, or a similar role.
8-10 years experience in programming in Python.
Experience in working with large amounts of data in SQL.
Experience with designing and implementing monitoring and alert systems.
Proven experience in machine learning model development for anomaly detection.
Solid understanding of statistical analysis, quantitative analytics, forecasting/predictive analytics, and multivariate testing.
Experience with model deployment in large-scale production systems.
Proficient in building models using TensorFlow, Keras, PyTorch, scikit-learn. 
Experience with AirFlow, BigQuery, docker, kubernetes and other cloud based technologies to scale machine learning models.

If you got this far, we hope you're feeling excited about this role! Even if you don't feel you meet every single requirement, we still encourage you to apply.

Please note: Geotab does not accept agency resumes and is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes. Please do not forward resumes to Geotab employees.

Why Job Seekers Choose Geotab

Flex working arrangements

Home office reimbursement program

Baby bonus & parental leave top up program

Online learning and networking opportunities

Electric vehicle purchase incentive program

Competitive medical and dental benefits

Retirement savings program

The above are offered to full-time permanent employees only

How We Work

At Geotab, we have adopted a flexible first working model in that we have systems, functions, programs and policies in place to support both in-person and virtual work. However, you are welcomed and encouraged to come into our beautiful, safe, clean offices as often as you like. When working from home, you are required to have a reliable internet connection with at least 50mb DL/10mb UL. Virtual work is supported with cloud-based applications, collaboration tools and asynchronous working. The health and safety of employees are a top priority. We encourage work-life balance and keep the Geotab culture going strong with online social events, chat rooms and gatherings. Join us and help reshape the future of technology!

We believe that ensuring diversity is fundamental to our future growth and progress and is an integral part of our business. We believe that success happens where new ideas can flourish – in an environment that is rich in diversity and a place where people from various backgrounds can work together. Geotab encourages applications from all qualified individuals. We are committed to accommodating people with disabilities during the recruitment and assessment processes and when people are hired. We will ensure the accessibility needs of employees with disabilities are taken into account as part of performance management, career development, training and redeployment processes. If you require accommodation at any stage of the application process or want more information about our diversity and inclusion as well as accommodation policies and practices, please contact us at careers@geotab.com. Click here to learn more about what happens with your personal data.
About the job
We’re building a relationship-oriented bank for the modern world. We need talented, passionate professionals who are dedicated to doing what’s right for our clients.

At CIBC, we embrace your strengths and your ambitions, so you are empowered at work. Our team members have what they need to make a meaningful impact and are truly valued for who they are and what they contribute.

To learn more about CIBC, please visit CIBC.com

What You’ll Be Doing

You’ll join our Data and Reporting team reporting into the Executive Director, Data Governance. As an Analyst of Data Governance, you will support the evolution and execution of Canadian Banking’s (CB) Data Governance program. Your focus will be on contributing to the development of the Data Governance program, documenting the CB implementation, preparing materials for the Data Governance Council and supporting data governance stakeholders with a direct impact on the governance and quality of data within CB.

At CIBC we enable the work environment most optimal for you to thrive in your role. You’ll have the flexibility to manage your work activities within a hybrid work arrangement where you’ll spend 1-3 days per week on-site, while other days will be remote. Details on your work arrangement (proportion of on-site and remote work) will be discussed at the time of your interview. 

How You'll Succeed

Process Enhancement & Documentation: Set up and maintain CB data governance artifact central repository, ensuring proper access controls. Maintain artifacts, including but not limited to, an inventory of applications, data governance roles, Data Governance Council materials, Data Custody Agreements (DCA), Data Sharing Risk Assessments (DSRA), Deviations & Deficiencies tracking, escalations, data dictionaries. Suggest improvements in procedural and administrative activities for the CB Data Governance function. Assist with the remediation of data governance deficiencies across CB
Reporting & Preparation of Materials: Provide and/or contribute to data governance reporting, as required, by assembling and consolidating quality reports and other status updates. Update and maintain existing data governance process documents, diagrams and procedures including development and maintenance of data governance templates. Assist in the development and distribution of communication materials, including but not restricted to, letters, briefs, reports, emails, meeting minutes.
Communication & Tracking: Respond to requests for information; prioritizing requests, tracking progress, coordinating and communicating status with the requestor. Over time, take advantage of opportunities to manage small initiatives within the Data Governance team. Contribute to successful completion of data governance project deliverables. Participate in project and team meetings, interact and collaborate with team members and other departments as appropriate. Contribute to CB Data Governance Council meetings including tracking attendance, maintaining voting records, preparing minutes for distribution, archiving materials and maintaining access controls.

Who You Are

You're a subject matter expert: you have knowledge and experience with maintaining a central repository. 
You’re goal oriented. You’re motivated by accomplishing your goals and delivering your best to make a difference.
You give meaning to data. You enjoy investigating complex problems and making sense of information. You communicate detailed information in a meaningful way. Demonstrated ability to work independently, take initiative, manage multiple priorities and seek assistance as required.
Your influence makes a difference. You know that relationships and networks are essential to success. You inspire outcomes by sharing your expertise. You have strong communication skills both written and verbal to clearly articulate facts and recommendations when presenting instructions, ideas/recommendations and solutions.
You're organized and attentive: You have the ability to organize workflow in order to accomplish multiple and changing priorities within specified timeframes; ability to show attention to details; keep accurate records, and work under pressure. Anticipating divisional/department needs, recognizing potential problems and finding creative solutions.
You're passionate about people. You find meaning in relationships and surround yourself with a diverse network of partners. You connect with others through respect and authenticity.
You can demonstrate experience in Microsoft Office suite of tools including Microsoft Project. It’s an asset if Word, Excel, PowerPoint, SharePoint and Visio. Working knowledge of data governance practices and principles an asset.
Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability.

What CIBC Offers

At CIBC, your goals are a priority. We start with your strengths and ambitions as an employee and strive to create opportunities to tap into your potential. We aspire to give you a career, rather than just a paycheck.

We work to recognize you in meaningful, personalized ways including a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, a benefits program*, defined benefit pension plan*, an employee share purchase plan, a vacation offering, wellbeing support, and MomentMakers, our social, points-based recognition program.
Our spaces and technological toolkit will make it simple to bring together great minds to create innovative solutions that make a difference for our clients.
We cultivate a culture where you can express your ambition through initiatives like Purpose Day; a paid day off dedicated for you to use to invest in your growth and development.
Subject to plan and program terms and conditions

What You Need To Know

CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com
You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit.

Job Location

Toronto-81 Bay, 12th Floor

Employment Type

Regular

Weekly Hours

37.5

Skills

Analysis and Reporting, Analytical Thinking, Data Governance, Data Review, Organizing, Researching, Team Play
About the job
We believe that we are better together, and at Tripadvisor we welcome you for who you are. Our workplace is for everyone, as is our people powered platform. At Tripadvisor, we want you to bring your unique identities, abilities, and experiences, so we can collectively revolutionize travel and together find the good out there. Join Tripadvisor, where teamwork, diversity, and innovation drive our journey to redefine the travel industry.

Within the Tripadvisor Analytics team, the only thing we love more than travel is data. We slice it, we dice it, and we use it to empower our decision-making. The CRM and Growth Marketing Analytics team is seeking an Analyst who has the skills and experience to support numerous end users from an analytics and measurement perspective. This role will be pivotal in informing the marketing roadmap and driving Tripadvisor’s growth and engagement by providing the highest quality data-driven insights. We are looking for someone who is proactive and hands-on, thrives on large datasets and is capable of contributing to the longer-term strategy and vision for Analytics at Tripadvisor.

Today we have colleagues spread around the globe, from Lisbon, France, London, Boston, California, to India. We hang out virtually to get work done or to have fun like competing with each other in trivia. Come and join us.

What You'll Do

Use your problem solving and analytical skills to translate complex business questions into actionable data insights and opportunities to drive engagement and growth. 
Work with large datasets to synthesize data for analysis and reporting and be responsible for data quality, accuracy, and completeness. 
Collaborate with Marketers to define metrics and measurement strategies for campaigns. Build dashboards to communicate both strategic and tactical impact.
Recommend the best course of action by performing deep analysis on A/B tests, user behavior, and performance of cross-channel campaigns. Develop a story based on learnings and present it to cross-functional teams including marketing, product, and finance.
Build strong relationships with the marketing team to understand the business needs and work on the highest priority projects. 
Learn new tools, technologies, and analytical methodologies. Maintain a working knowledge of data mining and visualization best practices. 

Skills & Experience

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Systems, Mathematics, Business, or related fields.
Minimum of 4 years of experience in data analysis, with a preference for marketing within a data-driven company.
Proficiency in SQL and Tableau (or similar business intelligence tools) is essential.
Experience in Python and R is desirable.
Strong analytical, conceptual, and problem-solving skills, with the ability to work well under pressure and meet tight deadlines.
Working experience with large-scale data is a must.
Exposure to web/app clickstream tools such as Google Analytics and Omniture, digital marketing tools including AdWords, Simon data, mobile analytics tools such as Appsflyer, Amplitude, Braze, and so on would be advantageous.
Exposure to statistical methods is desirable.

We strive to create an accessible and inclusive experience for all candidates. If you need a reasonable accommodation during the application or the recruiting process, please make sure to reach out to your individual recruiter or our team at greenhouse@tripadvisor.com.
About the job
Who We Are:

At VML, we are a beacon of innovation and growth in an ever-evolving world. Our heritage is built upon a century of combined expertise, where creativity meets technology, and diverse perspectives ignite inspiration. With the merger of VMLY&R and Wunderman Thompson, we have forged a new path as a growth partner that is part creative agency, part consultancy, and part technology powerhouse.

Our global family now encompasses over 30,000 employees across 150+ offices in 64 markets, each contributing to a culture that values connection, belonging, and the power of differences. Our expertise spans the entire customer journey, offering deep insights in communications, commerce, consultancy, CRM, CX, data, production, and technology. We deliver end-to-end solutions that result in revolutionary work.

Who we are looking for: 

VML is looking for a Senior Data Analyst to join the team dedicated to a global automotive client. Reporting to the Director, Data & Analytics, you will develop architectures and analyze data, turning insights into solutions to support the client's business goals.

What you’ll do:

Execute | Develop data mining models and data analysis methodologies to identify trends in large data sets. Analyze and interpret collected data. Identify insights and make recommendations.
Client | Advocate for the intelligent use of data in modern marketing. Guide clients to fresh and new ideas.
Team | Collaborate with account management, strategists, and digital teams to achieve client targets. Share methods and establish new standards in best practices. 


Who you are:

Curious | You embrace the unknown with an inquisitive mindset and see the opportunity to explore and innovate.
Agile | A get-things-done attitude. You dig in and figure out how to work around problems. You collaborate and work well as part of different teams.
Passionate | You take great pride in your work. You see data science as a way of expressing creativity.


What you need:

5+ years of work experience in the field of web analytics/CRM data; experience working in a creative/digital agency an asset.
Experience reporting results and building dashboards.
Experience building partnerships and positively influencing team members and clients.
Skillful at presenting a well-articulated and supported point of view.


What we offer: 

Passionate, driven people | We champion a culture of people that do extraordinary work.
Consciously cultivated culture | We aim to embody the behaviours to build an inclusive community that is in it together, bringing both positivity and active listening into the workplace as we simultaneously strive to empower creative bravery.
Competitive benefits | What we offer full time hires ranges from the full spectrum of group health coverage options (medical, dental, vision) and a variety of paid time off offerings that reflect our investment in all aspects of your overall life balance and wellness.
Growth-minded opportunities | We aim to nurture a culture of real-time feedback, growth-oriented mindset, and plenty of training opportunities through VML and WPP, so you can continue to grow personally and professionally.


VML welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available upon request for candidates taking part in the selection process.

 #hybrid

At VML, we are committed to fostering an all-inclusive work environment that is both rewarding and career-forward. Our Inclusion, Equity & Belonging initiatives, alongside the VML Foundation, reflect our dedication to giving back and making a positive impact in our communities and beyond. Our people are the heartbeat of our organization—creators, doers, innovators, makers, and thinkers—who drive not just marketing, but meaningful experiences that resonate in every action and interaction.

VML is a WPP Agency. For more information, please visit our website, and follow VML on our social channels via Instagram, LinkedIn, and X.

When you click "Submit Application", this will send any information you add below to VML. Before you do this, we think it's a good idea to read through our Recruitment Privacy Policy. California residents should read our California Recruitment Privacy Notice. This explains what we do with your personal data when you apply for a role with us, and, how you can update the information you have provided us with or how to remove it.
About the job
About Agoda

Agoda is an online travel booking platform for accommodations, flights, and more. We build and deploy cutting-edge technology that connects travelers with more than 3.6 million accommodations globally. Based in Asia and part of Booking Holdings, our 6,000+ employees representing 90+ nationalities foster a work environment rich in diversity, creativity, and collaboration. We innovate through a culture of experimentation and ownership, enhancing the ability for our customers to experience the world.

 Get to Know our  Team: 

The Performance Marketing Team of Agoda is a world leader in online marketing. This department is highly data-driven and focused on developing at-scale marketing programs that improve the lifetime value of Agoda customers through measurable marketing programs and channels. The team is a blend of the best analysts, marketing strategists, and data scientists in the world. The marketing leadership at Agoda have deep experience in data science, product, strategy, and other marketing fields and have built an organization that thrives on data, creative ideas, and technology. The Performance Marketing Team also fosters a great learning environment. You will be able to learn and grow by working closely with experts from a variety of backgrounds from all over the world.

 In this Role, you’ll get  to: 

Search: Experiment with text ads, bidding, and campaign structures on Google, Bing, Baidu, Naver, and other search engines. Adapt to new product features and roll out changes from successful tests
Display: Test, analyze, and optimize campaigns on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and others
Modeling: Analyze the vast amounts of data generated by experiments, develop models we can use for optimization, and build dashboards for account managers

 What you’ll Need to  Succeed: 

Bachelor’s Degree or higher from top university in a quantitative subject (computer science, mathematics, engineering, statistics or science)
Ability to communicate fluently in English
Exposure to one or more data analysis packages or databases, e.g., SAS, R, SPSS, Python, VBA, SQL, Tableau
Good numerical reasoning skills
Proficiency in Excel
Intellectual curiosity and analytical skills

 It’s Great if you  Have: 

Experience in digital marketing
Academic research experience

#STRA#ANLS#MRKT#3 #Bengaluru #SãoPaulo #Delhi #NewYorkCity #Nigeria #London #Hyderabad #Pune #Mumbai #Colombia #Paris #Jakarta #Chennai #SanFrancisco #WashingtonDC #Toronto #Pakistan #LosAngeles #Dallas #Chicago #Kenya #Boston #Shanghai #Egypt #BuenosAires #Manila #Netherlands #Singapore #RiodeJaneiro #Beijing #Atlanta #Sydney #Madrid #Vietnam #SaudiArabia #Peru #Melbourne #Ireland #Russia #Bangladesh #MexicoCity #Philadelphia #Chile #SeattleArea #Noida #Kolkata #Guangdong #UnitedArabEmirates #TelAvivDistrict #Houston #KualaLumpur #BeloHorizonte #SouthKorea #Bangkok #Istanbul #Austin #Curitiba #Warsaw #Campinas #Barcelona #Ukraine #CostaRica #Berlin #Romania #Denver #Johannesburg #Minneapolis #Manchester #Miami #MexicoCity #Phoenix #Detroit #Coimbatore #Milan #PortoAlegre #Vancouver #Montreal #Charlotte #SanDiego #Ghana #SaltLakeCity #Raleigh #HongKong #Fortaleza #Munich #Prague #Ecuador #TampaBay #Tokyo #Serbia #Taipei #Cracow #Zhejiang #CapeTown #Brasilia #Columbus data representation data analysis SQL data analytics analytics python (programming language) data mining data science r (programming language) tableau analytical skills data visualization databases business analysis business intelligence (bi) microsoft sql server machine learning statistics microsoft power bi java finance shopee traveloka google facebook ctrip trip.com makemytrip grab amazon pandas (software) artificial intelligence (ai) information technology capital one accenture upwork deloitte mckinsey bain microsoft uber lyft gojek lazada alibaba shopify expedia skyscanner

Equal Opportunity Employer 

At Agoda, we pride ourselves on being a company represented by people of all different backgrounds and orientations. We prioritize attracting diverse talent and cultivating an inclusive environment that encourages collaboration and innovation. Employment at Agoda is based solely on a person’s merit and qualifications. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity regardless of sex, age, race, color, national origin, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, citizenship, veteran or military status, and other legally protected characteristics.

We will keep your application on file so that we can consider you for future vacancies and you can always ask to have your details removed from the file. For more details please read our privacy policy .

To all recruitment agencies: Agoda does not accept third party resumes. Please do not send resumes to our jobs alias, Agoda employees or any other organization location. Agoda is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
About the job
L'équipe :
L'analyste de données créera, tiendra à jour et gérera des solutions analytiques et d'intelligence d'affaires servant à convertir les données en informations utiles à plusieurs services dans l'entreprise. Ce poste exige une personne qui peut travailler de manière autonome, mais également au sein d'une équipe, qui est motivée, qui a d'excellentes aptitudes à la communication et qui a une grande expérience en analyse de données.

Le titulaire de ce poste fera partie de l'équipe de gestion de la performance et travaillera en étroite collaboration avec d'autres professionnels pour présenter des améliorations et des solutions aux changements en cours dans un environnement qui évolue à un rythme rapide.

À quoi ressemblera votre journée :
Concevoir et développer des solutions d'intelligence d'affaires et de rapports d'intelligence d'affaires pour les différents services et l'entreprise
Collecter les exigences d'affaires des intervenants
Développer et mettre en place des processus ETL et des requêtes pour appuyer l'analyse des données de l'entreprise
Produire des rapports et concevoir des tableaux de bord dans Power BI qui contiennent des mesures qui présentent clairement le rendement de l'entreprise et communiquent efficacement les tendances, les modèles et les prédictions au moyen de données pertinentes et suggérer des interventions fondées sur les données
Interpréter les données, analyser les résultats au moyen de techniques statistiques et présenter des rapports régulièrement
Porter une attention particulière aux tendances et aux modèles qui pourraient être précieux pour les efforts de diagnostics et d'analyses prédictives
Concevoir et mener des expériences pour tester les analyses en fonction d'hypothèses opérationnelles ou évaluer l'incidence des interventions
Collaborer avec les intervenants concernés pour relever les occasions d'amélioration des processus, recommander des modifications aux systèmes et élaborer des politiques de gouvernance des données
Favoriser un processus de prise de décisions fondée sur les données et promouvoir la littératie des données auprès des intervenants
Être proactif dans l'analyse et la présentation d'idées pour l'amélioration continue
Offrir un soutien technique et opérationnel à l'équipe
Créer une documentation pertinente qui permette aux intervenants de comprendre les étapes du processus d'analyse de données et de refaire l'analyse au besoin
Travailler avec la direction pour définir les priorités en ce qui concerne les besoins opérationnels et d'information


Votre profil :
Trois à cinq ans d'expérience à titre d'analyste de données ou un poste équivalent pertinent
Au moins trois ans d'expérience avec SQL en utilisant des données à grand volume, de grande vélocité et de grande variété de données
Compréhension profonde de la qualité des données, de la modélisation dimensionnelle et des pratiques exemplaires des meilleures pratiques des processus ETL
Au moins deux ans d'expérience avec : PowerBI, le langage DAX, la modélisation des données, les rôles de sécurité, la visualisation et la gouvernance des données
Forte capacité d'analyse et habilités à la collecte, l'organisation, l'analyse et la diffusion de quantités importantes d'informations avec rigueur et précision
Compétences exceptionnelles en résolution de problèmes et en analyse afin de pouvoir relever, corriger et résoudre proactivement les problèmes de systèmes de base de données en temps réel
Connaissance des statistiques et expérience dans l'utilisation d'outils statistiques pour l'analyse d'ensembles de données
Connaissances approfondies du langage DAX
Expérience dans l'explication de concepts techniques et des répercussions des analyses de façon claire à un public diversifié
Expérience dans la traduction d'objectifs d'affaires en analyses exploitables
Bonnes compétences en établissement de priorités et gestion du temps
Expérience dans le soutien d'équipes multifonctionnelles et de collaboration avec celles-ci dans un environnement dynamique
État d'esprit de résolution de problèmes analytiques


Encore mieux si vous possédez ces atouts :
Expérience en apprentissage automatique avec Azure ML
Connaissance de l'optimisation du stockage dans le nuage Microsoft, de Power App et des flux de données
Connaissance de CRM365 et F&O
Solutions de mégadonnées : Azure Data Lake Storage ou Analytics, Azure HD Insight et Azure Data Warehouse


Voilà ce que nous offrons !
Régime de rémunération attrayant
Programme de remboursement des frais de formation
Repas subventionnés à notre incroyable Bistro (Les Cordons Bleus)
Équilibre entre vie professionnelle et vie privée grâce à un horaire de travail flexible
Café gratuit à volonté
Espace de stationnement gratuit pour tous les employés
Centre d'entraînement sur place


Si vous souhaitez savoir à quoi ressemble l'environnement de travail chez Genetec, voici le lien vers notre vidéo d'entreprise: Culture à Genetec

Merci pour votre candidature, mais veuillez noter que seul(e)s les candidat(e)s qualifié(e)s seront contacté(e)s. Les chasseurs de têtes et les agences de recrutement ne sont pas autorisés à soumettre des CV par l'intermédiaire de ce site web ou directement aux gestionnaires.
---------------------------------------------------------------------------
The team:

The Data Analyst will create, maintain, and manage BI and analytic solutions that convert data into information used by several business units within the Company. The role calls for someone who can work autonomously as well as within a team, driven, an excellent communicator and has extensive experience in data analytics.

This individual will be part of the Performance Management team and work closely with other professionals to deliver enhancements and solutions to ongoing changes in a fast-paced environment.

What your day will look like:
Design and develop enterprise and departmental business intelligence and reporting solutions
Collect business requirements from stakeholders
Develop and implement ETL processes and queries in support of business analytics
Design reports and dashboards in Power BI containing metrics that clearly communicate business performance and effectively communicate trends, patterns, and predictions using relevant data and suggest data-driven interventions
Interpret data, analyze results using statistical techniques and provide ongoing reports
Design and carry-out experiments to test analyses based on business assumptions or assess the impact of interventions
Collaborate with related stakeholders to identify opportunities for process improvements, recommend system modifications, and develop policies for data governance
Promote data driven decision process and data literacy to the stakeholders
Proactively analyze and put forth ideas for continuous improvement
Create appropriate documentation that allows stakeholders to understand the steps of the data analysis process and replicate the analysis if necessary
Work with management to prioritize business and information needs


About you:
3 to 5 years experience working as a Data Analyst or equivalent pertinent position
3+ years of SQL experience working with large volume, velocity and variety of data
Solid understanding of data quality, dimensional modeling, and ETL best practices
2+ years of PowerBI experience, DAX language, data modeling, security roles, visualization and data governance
Strong analytical skills with the ability to collect, organize, analyze, and disseminate significant amounts of information with attention to detail and accuracy
Exceptional problem solving and analytical skills to proactively identify, troubleshoot, and resolve live database systems issues
Knowledge of statistics and experience using statistical packages for analyzing datasets
Experience translating business objectives into actionable analyses
Experience supporting and working with cross-functional teams in a dynamic environment
Analytical problem-solving mindset


Great if you have:
Machine Learning expiries: Azure ML
Knowledge of Microsoft cloud storage optimization, Power App and Data flow
Knowledge of CRM365, F&O
Big Data Solution: Azure Data Lake Storage/Analytics, HD Insight, Azure Data Warehouse


Let's talk perks!
Attractive compensation package
Training Tuition Reimbursement Program
Subsidized meals in our amazing Bistro (Les Cordons Bleus)
Work-life balance with a flexible working schedule
Free, unlimited coffee
Private, free parking for all employees
Onsite fitness facility with personal trainer


Would you like to know what it looks like to work at Genetec? Click on the following link to find out for yourself! Genetec Culture

Please note that only qualified candidates will be contacted for an interview. Head-hunters and recruitment agencies may not submit resumés/CVs through this Web site or directly to managers.

Desired Skills and Experience
Azure
SQL
data analytics
power app
power bi
About the job
Flipp is a pre-IPO company on a mission to help shoppers provide for their families by making life more affordable by leveraging technology. We work with the largest retailers and manufacturers in the world to help them transform their businesses and connect them with millions of shoppers through our next-generation digital shopping marketplace. Our award-winning Flipp app is used by millions of shoppers every week to make better purchase decisions and to save 20-40% off their bills.

With the recent increase in costs of living, Flipp’s mission has never been more relevant. Flipp’s Shopper Consideration Platform allows retailers and manufacturers to create digital experiences from their savings & deals content. These experiences help Shoppers decide what to buy and where to buy it. Flipp then connects those retailer and manufacturer experiences to millions of shoppers through Flipp’s owned and operated channels.

As a Partner Insights Analyst, you'll get the opportunity to act as a trusted advisor for our internal sales & product team members in support of our retail partners. You'll leverage data & insights to drive strategy, formulate business actions and maximize demonstrated business results. You'll also communicate and coordinate plans with our internal sales and product teams to drive our business forward.

What You'll Get The Opportunity To Do

Execute and deliver against project timelines, such as data validation, analysis, and results
Perform test design, setup, execution & analysis (A/B testing, incremental lift, etc.)
Analyze historical data to understand trends in performance, and the impact of changes
Build and automate queries to analyze data and optimize report solutions for efficiency (eg. SQL, Scala, Python, etc.)
Understand and define key requirements; communicate complex business and analytical concepts to internal Flipp team members, including senior sales team and product team members
Manage enterprise-level systems and large data sets for insight generation and analysis
Build and improve team knowledge base, sharing best practices, and case studies

What You'll Bring To The Team

1-2 years of experience managing projects cross-functionally; preferably applying analytics to business problems
Applied experience writing queries, scripts and stored procedures (eg. SQL, Scala, Python, etc.)
Experience with data visualization and reporting (eg. Thoughtspot, Tableau, Periscope, Domo, Amplitude, etc.)
Knowledge of various testing methodologies (A/B testing, incremental lift, etc.)
A passion for constant improvement; always looking to do things better (both personally, as part of a team and for the company)
A quick learner, with an open-minded perspective to understand Flipp’s disciplined approach
Self-starter, highly effective working independently and within a team
Highly organized and great time management skills; ability to juggle multiple priorities at once
Understanding of the retail, CPG, loyalty, consumer analysis, and digital media domain is preferred

Here’s How We Work

From working with top technologies to sending you to industry-leading conferences, we will make sure you have all that you need to expand your knowledge and grow your career. We have a trust-based culture where all team members are empowered to work in the way that’s best for them to thrive.

Our culture is at the centre of all that we do, and it has been recognized through numerous accolades over the past three years including: Best Workplaces in Canada, Deloitte 50 Best Managed, Best Workplaces in Canada for Women, Most Admired CEO and Top 10 Most Admired Corporate Cultures.

Here’s How To Apply

If you’re interested in working with us on the future of shopping, click the “Apply now” button to submit your application. While experience and skill sets are valuable, growth potential and attitudes are equally important. If you’re prepared to grow dramatically with your team at a world-class learning organization, consider applying. We understand that the most creative solutions require diversity in thought and life experiences.

Flipp is an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. Accommodations are available on request for all aspects of the selection process.
About the job
#WeAreCrowdStrike and our mission is to stop breaches. As a global leader in cybersecurity, our team changed the game. Since our inception, our market leading cloud-native platform has offered unparalleled protection against the most sophisticated cyberattacks. We’re looking for people with limitless passion, a relentless focus on innovation and a fanatical commitment to the customer to join us in shaping the future of cybersecurity. Consistently recognized as a top workplace, CrowdStrike is committed to cultivating an inclusive, remote-first culture that offers people the autonomy and flexibility to balance the needs of work and life while taking their career to the next level. Interested in working for a company that sets the standard and leads with integrity? Join us on a mission that matters - one team, one fight.

About The Role

CrowdStrike Intelligence, a core component of CrowdStrike Counter Adversary Operations, is seeking to hire a Senior Intelligence Analyst for its Intelligence Analysis Cell (IAC) to focus on eCrime. This position will primarily conduct analysis on established and emerging actors in the eCrime ecosystem, criminal operating models, monetization techniques, and the geographic diversity of eCrime. This position is instrumental in providing unique insight into the strategic context and operating environment of adversaries through finished intelligence products used by CrowdStrike customers and stakeholders.

What You'll Do

Analyze financially-motivated cyber actors and compose long- and short-form finished intelligence reports related to actor tracking, monetization methods, commodity and closed malware groups, and fraud techniques
Research, assess, and report on specific cyber threat actor and adversary capabilities, motivations, and Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures (TTPs)
Provide clear and concise written responses to customer requests for information (RFIs) and contribute to briefings where necessary
Work in a collaborative environment with other analysts, technical experts, and customer-facing personnel
Assist in research prioritization efforts and intelligence gap identification

What You'll Need

5+ years’ experience conducting research in the field of eCrime to include producing intelligence assessments and handling ad-hoc requests for information (RFIs)
A strong understanding of current and emerging threats related to financially-motivated computer intrusions, scams, and fraud techniques
In-depth knowledge of current underground criminal forums and marketplaces, digital currency use in criminal activity, enabling infrastructures, monetization methods, money laundering, and access brokers
A general understanding of commonly used criminal malware, botnets, and access brokers
An ability to express complex technical and non-technical concepts verbally, graphically, and in writing
Excellent English writing and open-source research skills
Comprehensive practical knowledge of intelligence analysis and collection skills
An analytic mindset capable of applying best practices such as structured analysis, awareness of biases and other pitfalls, and critical thinking in source evaluation
Undergraduate degree in cybersecurity, general intelligence studies, security studies, criminal justice, political science, international relations; or equivalent military training and experience in a cyber intelligence/security MOS
Technical and non-technical security certifications pertaining to financial crimes analysis, anti-money laundering (AML), or cyber threat intelligence

Preferred

Graduate or professional degrees in any of the aforementioned fields
Ability to utilize graph analysis tools (e.g., i2 Analyst Notebook, Maltego) to create both working-level and presentation-grade visualization charts
Experience contributing to Computer Network Operations (CNO) campaign tracking, including working with technical indicators pertaining to malware and network infrastructure
Formal foreign language training or competency, especially in Russian, Farsi, Chinese, Spanish, or Portuguese

Benefits Of Working At CrowdStrike

Remote-first culture
Market leader in compensation and equity awards
Competitive vacation and flexible working arrangements 
Comprehensive and inclusive health benefits
Physical and mental wellness programs
Paid parental leave, including adoption 
A variety of professional development and mentorship opportunities
Offices with stocked kitchens when you need to fuel innovation and collaboration

We are committed to fostering a culture of belonging where everyone feels seen, heard, valued for who they are and empowered to succeed. Our approach to cultivating a diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture is rooted in listening, learning and collective action. By embracing the diversity of our people, we achieve our best work and fuel innovation - generating the best possible outcomes for our customers and the communities they serve.

CrowdStrike is committed to maintaining an environment of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action. If you need reasonable accommodation to access the information provided on this website, please contact Recruiting@crowdstrike.com , for further assistance.

CrowdStrike participates in the E-Verify program.

Notice of E-Verify Participation

Right to Work

CrowdStrike, Inc. is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in the U.S. is $110,000 - $175,000 per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

CrowdStrike Canada ULC is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in Canada is $110,000 - $180,000 CAD per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

Expected Close Date of Job Posting is:02-22-2024
About the job
Renseignements généraux

Vous avez envie d’action ? De travailler au sein d’une équipe dynamique ? De participer à l’amélioration de la qualité de vie des Québécoises et des Québécois ? Saisissez cette occasion de mettre de l’avant votre implication et votre créativité afin de faire concrètement la différence. Le ministère des Transports et de la Mobilité durable (le Ministère) vous offre notamment un milieu de vie qui privilégie de nouvelles pratiques de gestion audacieuses et mieux adaptées aux réalités de la nouvelle génération. Grâce à l’approche Entreprise en santé, le Ministère est soucieux de la qualité de vie au travail de son personnel et désire offrir un milieu collaboratif, mobilisateur et respectueux, qui favorise la santé et le mieux-être des personnes. Laissez-vous transporter vers de nouveaux défis et joignez-vous au ministère des Transports et de la Mobilité durable !

Vous êtes à la recherche d’une opportunité exceptionnelle pour développer votre carrière et vous aimeriez contribuer à l’essor de l’intelligence artificielle dans le domaine des transports ? Rejoignez-nous aujourd’hui et faites partie d’une équipe passionnée qui écrira une nouvelle page de l’ère numérique!

 Analyste des données 

 Direction générale : Direction générale des ressources informationnelles et de la transformation numérique (DGRITN) 
 Direction générale adjointe : Direction générale adjointe de la gouvernance, de la sécurité informationnelle et de l’intelligence artificielle 
 Direction : Direction de la gouvernance des données et de l’intelligence artificielle (DGDIA) 
 Nombre d’emplois à pourvoir : 1 
 Statut de l’emploi : Régulier 
 Lieu de travail : 900 boulevard René-Lévesque Est, Québec* 
 Télétravail : en mode hybride 
 Horaire de travail : 35 heures par semaine 
 Date prévue d’entrée en fonction : Février 2024 
Étant un ministère qui œuvre partout sur le territoire et considérant la situation actuelle, nous avons l’opportunité de pourvoir cet emploi dans n’importe quelle région où il se trouve un bureau du ministère des Transports et la Mobilité durable

 Les défis que nous vous proposons 

La DGDIA est une toute nouvelle direction qui a la responsabilité de coordonner la gouvernance et la valorisation des données pour le Ministère et d’assurer le développement de l’automatisation et de l’intelligence artificielle aux différents secteurs d’affaires. Chez nous, vous trouverez un environnement de travail stimulant, des possibilités d’apprentissage en continu, une culture organisationnelle axée sur l’excellence et un climat de travail des plus agréables. Votre prochaine grande aventure professionnelle commence ici! En tant qu’analyste des données, vous serez responsable de la collecte, de l’analyse et de l’interprétation des données dans le contexte de projets d’intelligence artificielle. Dans votre rôle, vous aurez à :

 Analyser les besoins, les préoccupations, les enjeux et les problématiques de la gestion des données au Ministère ; 
 Définir, concevoir et mettre en place des mesures et des indicateurs liés à la gestion des données au Ministère ; 
 Tenir des registres précis des activités liées aux données, des méthodes utilisées et des résultats obtenus afin de garantir la reproductibilité et la transparence des travaux ; 
 Participer au choix des caractéristiques et variables les plus pertinentes à inclure dans les modèles afin d’améliorer les performances de l’intelligence artificielle ; 
 Promouvoir les bonnes pratiques, les normes et les standards au sein des solutions d’intelligence artificielle pour répondre au besoin de visualisation et de présentation de l’information ; 
 Garantir la qualité des résultats obtenus et contribuer à la certification des produits informationnels en soutenant la standardisation des méthodes d’exploitation des données ; 
 Assurer le lien de la gestion des données entre les secteurs d’affaires et les RI ; 
 Participer, en collaboration avec les ressources informationnelles, à la création des produits informationnels afin de permettre une utilisation conviviale et documenter les portées de ceux-ci. 

 Les avantages de travailler au ministère des Transports et de la Mobilité durable 

 Régime de retraite à prestations déterminées avantageux ; 
 Régime d’assurances collectives ; 
 20 jours de vacances après seulement un an de service et 13 jours fériés ; 
 Mesures de conciliation travail et vie personnelle ; 
 Horaire variable ; 
 Sécurité d’emploi ; 
 Programme d’aide aux employés (PAE) ; 
 Programme de soutien aux études ; 
 Service de formation et de développement au sein de l’organisation ; 
 Soutien financier à la pratique d’activités physiques. 

 Salaire annuel : 

51 776 $ à 90 110 $ selon l’expérience

L’échelle salariale peut être consultée sur le site Web du Secrétariat du Conseil du trésor . À l’embauche, l’échelon sera déterminé en fonction de l’expérience du candidat.

La rémunération est déterminée en fonction de la pertinence de votre scolarité et de vos expériences en lien avec l’emploi. Par conséquent, il est important de bien les détailler dans votre formulaire d’inscription qui servira de référence.

Profil recherché

 Les qualités que nous recherchons : 

 S’adapter facilement aux changements et aimer le travail en équipe ; 
 Faire preuve d’autonomie, de créativité et d’initiative ; 
 Démontrer un excellent sens de l’organisation et une grande rigueur ; 
 Posséder une excellente connaissance de la langue française parlée et écrite. 

 La personne recherchée doit satisfaire aux exigences de l’emploi : 

 Détenir un diplôme universitaire de premier cycle dans le domaine de l’informatique, de l’administration ou dans un domaine jugé pertinent dont l’obtention requiert un minimum de 90 crédits ou une attestation d’études pertinentes dont l’équivalence est reconnue par l’autorité compétente. 1 

La candidature d’une personne qui est en voie de terminer la dernière année de scolarité exigée pour l’obtention du diplôme requis pourrait être considérée.

Chaque année de scolarité manquante peut être compensée par une année de scolarité pertinente de niveau égal ou supérieur à celle exigée. Le diplôme exigé peut également être compensé par une maîtrise dans une discipline pertinente comportant un minimum de 45 crédits.

 Posséder au moins une (1) année d’expérience comme analyste des données. 
 Avoir une connaissance du français appropriée aux fonctions ; 
 Posséder la citoyenneté canadienne, le statut de résident permanent ou un permis de travail émis par l’autorité fédérale compétente pour occuper un emploi dans la fonction publique du Québec². 

 Autres éléments du profil recherché : 

 Connaitre l’environnement informationnel et l’intelligence d’affaires en soutien aux besoins stratégiques, tactiques et opérationnels ; 
 Connaitre les outils d’analyse et d’exploitation des données pour des fins de production d’information, notamment : SQL de Oracle, Oracle PL/SQL, PostegreSQL, Microsoft PowerPivot, Power BI, Oracle Discoverer, Python/R et SSRS ; 

Ce ou ces postes sont à pourvoir dans la ou les villes suivantes : Toutes les régions du Québec

Modalités d'inscription

 Période d’inscription :  Du 17 janvier au 4 février 2024 à 23 h 59.

L’inscription doit obligatoirement s’effectuer à l’aide du formulaire d’inscription en ligne. Pour soumettre votre candidature, vous devez cliquer sur « Poser ma candidature ». À noter que vous devez enregistrer votre dossier et cliquer sur le bouton « Soumettre » pour confirmer votre inscription au processus de sélection.

Pour plus d’informations sur la procédure à suivre, pour remplir et transmettre le formulaire d’inscription en ligne, consultez Processus de sélection | Gouvernement du Québec (quebec.ca)

 Veuillez noter qu’il est de votre responsabilité de fournir un dossier complet et détaillé. Il est important  de bien : 

 Détailler votre scolarité ; 
 Détailler vos expériences de travail, notamment en inscrivant votre emploi actuel et vos emplois antérieurs ; 
 Indiquer, à l’aide du menu déroulant de la section « Exigences et atouts », si vous détenez les exigences de l’emploi et atouts spécifiques indiqués à la section « Profil recherché » (si applicable). C’est notamment avec cette information que les candidatures répondant le mieux au profil recherché seront repérées. Lorsque vous aurez soumis votre candidature, les informations contenues dans le formulaire ne pourront plus être modifiées ; 
 Joindre toutes les pièces justificatives appuyant votre candidature. 

 Aucun curriculum vitae n’est accepté ni aucune candidature transmise par courriel. 

 Veuillez noter que seules les personnes retenues pour une entrevue seront contactées. 

 Des questions ? Nous y répondrons avec grand plaisir ! 

 Informations sur le processus de sélection 

Yoan Cyr – Conseiller en attraction des talents -

yoan.cyr@transports.gouv.qc.ca

 Informations sur les attributions de l’emploi 

Reine-Bernadette Youan, Directrice, DGDIA

reine-bernadette.youan@transports.gouv.qc.ca

 Informations sur les modalités d’inscription en ligne : 

Si vous éprouvez des difficultés à postuler en ligne ou si vous croyez nécessaire d’apporter des modifications à votre formulaire pendant la période d’inscription, vous pouvez communiquer avec le Centre d’assistance en dotation pour la région de Québec, au 418 528-7157, ou ailleurs au Québec, au numéro sans frais au 1 866 672-3460.

La fonction publique du Québec applique des mesures d’accès à l’égalité en emploi à l’intention des membres des minorités visibles, des membres des minorités ethniques, des personnes handicapées, des personnes autochtones et des femmes.

1- Pour être considérée, toute scolarité effectuée hors du Canada doit faire l’objet d’une évaluation comparative (attestation d’équivalence) délivrée par le ministère de l’Immigration, de la Francisation et de l’Intégration (MIFI).

2- Une personne en attente de la preuve de son statut de résident permanent ou d’un permis de travail peut soumettre sa candidature au présent processus de sélection. Toutefois, elle devra être autorisée à travailler légalement au Canada au moment de sa nomination.

 Apprends-en davantage sur nous : 

 FAIRE CARRIÈRE AU MINISTÈRE DES TRANSPORTS ET DE LA MOBILITÉ DURABLE 

Les défis à relever sont nombreux et stimulants. Intervenant de premier plan dans l’économie du Québec, le Ministère a pour mission et mandat d’assurer, sur l’ensemble de son territoire, la mobilité durable des personnes et des marchandises par des systèmes de transport efficaces et sécuritaires. Vaste organisation, le Ministère emploie plus de 8 500 personnes et gère 31 000 kilomètres de routes et 11 000 structures. Concrètement, le Ministère entretient, rend sécuritaires, conçoit et bâtit les vastes réseaux de transport maritime, ferroviaire, aérien et routier du Québec tout en innovant et en respectant l’environnement.

 LA DIRECTION DE LA GOUVERNANCE DES DONNÉES ET DE L’INTELLIGENCE ARTIFICIELLE (DVGDIA) 

La DGDIA conseille la haute direction et les utilisateurs sur l’utilisation optimale des données et des technologies d’IA. Son mandat est de développer, améliorer, entretenir et exploiter les technologies de l’information liées aux données et à l’IA pour soutenir la mission du Ministère et répondre à ses besoins. La direction élabore et promeut des normes, politiques et directives pour l’automatisation et l’utilisation responsable de l’IA, veillant à l’intégrité et à la sécurité des données. Elle encourage l’innovation en promouvant l’adoption de nouvelles technologies et en favorisant l’échange d’idées. Elle assure un rôle de surveillance pour s’assurer que l’utilisation des données et de l’IA respecte les lois et politiques en vigueur, établissant des mécanismes de contrôle et de vérification.

Visitez notre site Web Emplois au Quebec.ca/emplois-transports
About the job
The Sr Analyst, Business Intelligence position will focus on supporting our clients by providing KPI and sales scorecards as well as insights and analysis to help support business initiatives. Incumbent must adapt well to quickly changing environments and collaborate effectively with other team members by sharing new and exciting discoveries related to discovery analysis and process improvements. This position entails working closely with our clients and leadership team to develop and implement retail and HQ reporting strategies. This is a client facing position with possible additional team / management lead responsibilities.

The incumbent(s) in this position should exhibit the following Acosta values:
People Minded – Must show dignity and respect to all people
Integrity – Must exemplify the highest degree of ethical behavior
Results Oriented – Must show passion, pride and commitment to succeed
Trust – Must be honest, sincere and confident
Teamwork – Must build trusting relationships
Innovation – Must progress through a combination of creativity, common sense and vision
Balance – Must maintain an optimistic attitude and keep perspective on what is important in life.

Essential Functions:
Support data-driven decisions to keep Clients’ competitive in the marketplace thru the utilization of the following data sources and tools. (POS data, Retail data, Shipment, Nielsen, Kantar, Etc.)
Develop and maintain client facing scorecards, measuring progress against defined KPIs. Provide visualization, analysis and next step recommendations.
Responsible for data accuracy- analysing data for completeness, format, and conformity.
Present data in clear and meaningful fashion, stay up to date on data visualization trends and theory. Required to interface directly with clients to present results and discuss KPIs.
Work closely with business and client managers to ensure quality results are delivered
Keep abreast of clients KPI's, strategies, innovation and other important information.
Participate in client meetings / QBRs to provide business analysis
Able to function as a Team Lead. This entails providing support, mentorship, and guidance to other members of the team. May also include some management responsibilities.
 Education Requirements:
High School Diploma/GED
Bachelor’s Degree
Certification/License
Related work experience may be substituted for educational requirement
Category Management Certification preferred

Work Experience Requirements:
3 – 5 years related experience
Previous leadership skills a bonus.

Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities Requirements:
Advanced Power BI skillset (data transformation, DAX, Visualizations). 
Advanced Excel skills (Pivot Tables, Formulas, Power Query, lookups)
Prior experience working in the CPG industry a major asset. 
Experience with Nielsen Discovery, Answers
Working knowledge of querying an SQL database an asset.
Experience with KPI score carding and data modelling an asset
Must be able to make presentations coupled with excellent written and verbal communication skills
Excellent Organizational and time management skills
Able to take complete meeting notes, provide recap emails and identify actionable items
Proactive and detail oriented. Communicate and engage with client / customer teams
Responsible for data accuracy- analyzing data for completeness, format, and conformity
Able to function as a team lead, guiding and assisting other team members

Acosta/ Mosaic North America is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Mosaic reserves the right to modify all or part of any job descriptions at its discretion in order to meet and or exceed the needs of the business. 
We are committed to providing accommodations for persons with disabilities. If you require accommodation, we will work with you to meet your needs, to the extent required by law 
By submitting your application you agree with and accept the Acosta Privacy Statement and Terms of Conditions. 
US: http://acosta.jobs/privacy-policy-us/ 
Canada: http://acosta.jobs/privacy-policy-ca/ 
#Mosaic
About the job
Group Description

At Magna, we create technology that disrupts the industry and solves big problems for consumers, our customers, and the world around us. We’re the only mobility technology company and supplier with complete expertise across the entire vehicle.

We are committed to quality and continuous improvement because our products impact millions of people every day. But we’re more than what we make. We are a group of entrepreneurial-minded people whose collective expertise gives us a competitive advantage. World Class Manufacturing is a journey and it’s our talented people who lead us on this journey.

Role Summary

As a Data Analyst for Payroll Implementation, your primary responsibility will be to analyze and interpret data related to the implementation of a new payroll system. You will work closely with the project team to gather and validate data, perform data cleansing and transformation, and provide insights and recommendations based on your analysis.

Key Responsibilities

 Collaborate with the project team to understand data requirements for the payroll system implementation.
 Gather, validate, and analyze data from various sources, ensuring data accuracy and completeness.
 Perform data cleansing and transformation to ensure data consistency and integrity.
 Develop and maintain data models, reports, and dashboards to visualize and present data analysis findings.
 Identify trends, patterns, and anomalies in data, and provide insights and recommendations to optimize payroll processes.
 Work closely with stakeholders to understand their data analysis needs and provide customized reports and analysis.
 Collaborate with IT teams to ensure data integration and migration from legacy systems to the new payroll system.
 Perform data validation and reconciliation to ensure data accuracy and consistency between different systems.
 Assist in the development and implementation of data quality control measures to ensure data integrity.
 Stay updated with industry best practices and trends in data analysis and implement them in the payroll implementation process.



Key Qualifications/Requirements

 Bachelor's degree in Data Science, Statistics, Computer Science, or a related field.
 Proven experience as a data analyst or similar role, preferably in the payroll domain.
 Strong proficiency in data analysis and visualization tools such as SQL, Excel, Power BI, or Tableau.
 Excellent data manipulation and data cleansing skills.
 Knowledge of database management systems, data warehousing, and data integration concepts.
 Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.
 Ability to interpret complex data and present insights in a clear and concise manner.
 Strong attention to detail and accuracy in data analysis.
 Ability to work effectively in a team and collaborate with cross-functional stakeholders.
 Knowledge of payroll processes, systems, and compliance requirements is an asset.



Additional Information

Accommodations for disabilities in relation to the job selection process are available upon request.

Awareness. Unity. Empowerment.

At Magna, we believe that a diverse workforce is critical to our success. That’s why we are proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We hire on the basis of experience and qualifications, and in consideration of job requirements, regardless of, in particular, color, ancestry, religion, gender, origin, sexual orientation, age, citizenship, marital status, disability or gender identity. Magna takes the privacy of your personal information seriously. We discourage you from sending applications via email to comply with GDPR requirements and your local Data Privacy Law.
About the job
Description

Position Summary

The Data Analysis Supervisor oversees a regional data analysis staff ensuring on time delivery and highly accurate reports are issued that consistently exceed customer expectations. Demonstrated ability to lead a mid-sized to large team, aligning processes, workflows, deliverables, timeliness, HSE and Quality with internal and customer needs. Performs administrative tasks, such as approving timesheets for assigned group and maintaining vacation records for personnel. Long term focus on scalability and sustainability, in accordance with Entegra’s vision for global growth.

Primary Responsibilities

Safety shall always be the top priority.
Work in a team environment collaborating and sharing knowledge and experience.
Supervise day to day activity of regional Data Analysis personnel.
Prioritize workload and resources ensuring on time delivery of all reports.
Ensure efficient and effective workflow creating scalable systems.
Ensure capacity to meet Strategic Growth needs and commitment to Customers.
Drive the highest quality reports by ensuring quality checks are in place and personnel are diligently focused on exceeding customer expectations.
Lead continuous improvement in identification, location, recognition, classification, sizing, accuracy, and visualization of integrity threats based on field correlation.
Attends client performance meetings, seek client feedback on team performance, implement improvements to ensure client requirements and expectations are being met.
Understand and drive compliance with API 1163, ASNT ILI-PQ, and POF. 
Occasionally perform Data Quality Assessments (DQA) and provide reports to clients meeting their required timelines.
Performs QA/QC checks when requested to do so for DQAs, Preliminary Final Reports and any other client-based reports that require verification.
Aid Sales, Engineering, Project Management and Operations with risk assessments of future ILI surveys regarding the feasibility of Entegra tools to successfully navigate and collect data from a Data Analyst point of view.
Assist Operations and Engineering the collection of tool data results for RCA documentation.
Assist in standardizing processes and procedures.
Assist in training data analysis personnel, enabling progression through defined certification levels.
Open Post Action Reports based on identified improvement needs.
Review and approve vacation requests & timesheets records.
Maintain KPIs and other performance metrics as necessary.
Drive complete documentation receipt from Sales at the project planning stage.
Assist in the recruiting process.
Work closely with other Data Analysis Supervisors, Coordinators, and other Leadership to successfully achieve global objectives.
Performs other assigned tasks.

Requirements

Degree or diploma in Engineering, Science or other technical discipline; or equivalent work experience.
Minimum 5 years cumulative, pipeline services or similar industry experience.
Minimum 5 years of experience in interpretation of Inline Inspection data.
Strong work ethic with a can-do attitude.
Advanced proficiency with learning and applying customized and over-the-counter computer software applications.
Demonstrated ability to deliver timely, accurate, and complete results.
Requires excellent ability to represent the company in a professional manner regarding communicating and interfacing with clients and capable of maintaining confidentiality.
Capable of making independent decisions/recommendations which can have immediate or time-dependent consequences associated with pipeline integrity.
Requires a strong ability to sustain focus on one or more tasks while avoiding distractions. 
Willingness to handle repetitive tasks.
Requires pattern recognition and spatial thinking skills. 
Must be customer-focused, have excellent attention to detail.
Knowledge of PHMSA Part 192 and 195 regulations, API, NACE and ASME standards and recommended practices is preferred.
About the job
#WeAreCrowdStrike and our mission is to stop breaches. As a global leader in cybersecurity, our team changed the game. Since our inception, our market leading cloud-native platform has offered unparalleled protection against the most sophisticated cyberattacks. We’re looking for people with limitless passion, a relentless focus on innovation and a fanatical commitment to the customer to join us in shaping the future of cybersecurity. Consistently recognized as a top workplace, CrowdStrike is committed to cultivating an inclusive, remote-first culture that offers people the autonomy and flexibility to balance the needs of work and life while taking their career to the next level. Interested in working for a company that sets the standard and leads with integrity? Join us on a mission that matters - one team, one fight.

About The Role

We are seeking a passionate competitive intelligence/field professional to support our product and sales teams. This role will function as the competitive product leader within CrowdStrike for Falcon for IT.

In this role you will be directly working with our product teams to guide roadmap decisions by developing a deep, nuanced understanding of the competition’s technical capabilities, primary GTM strategy/tactics, as well as why CrowdStrike wins or loses vs. the competition in visibility and automation in IT and security workflows. You will partner with senior leaders across Product Groups, Sales, Enablement, and Marketing to achieve these objectives and scale to a global level.

This role requires deep technical knowledge in IT cyber security, and a functional understanding of actual real-world deployments, extended use-cases, and customer motivations. Make recommendations on sales tactics and product strategy to enable CrowdStrike to win in the market.

This is an individual contributor, remote work position.

What You’ll Do

You will be required to synthesize and formulate guidance from a variety of information levels and sources (technical, business, field, external) and regularly present key takeaways to the field and to senior leadership
Provide a field-actionable, in-depth and ever-evolving understanding and analysis of the IT Operations (IT Ops) visibility and automation market relative to CrowdStrike solutions and capabilities
Provide tailored deal support (competitive surgeries & guidance), and develop a deep rapport with the field
You will work closely with the rest of the Competitive Intelligence team at CrowdStrike, as well as other key stakeholders (including the office of the CTO, field leadership, sales ops, product, and marketing teams), functioning as a primary liaison for IT Ops competition which includes development of competitive support material and competitive readiness plans
Make recommendations on sales tactics and product strategy to enable CrowdStrike to win in the market
Will be expected to be a self-starter with an ownership mentality. You will work autonomously in the development of project plans, requirements, timelines, content, and ongoing tracking/updates of the IT competitive landscape.

What You’ll Need

Bachelor’s degree or higher in a relevant field
Minimum 5 years of experience in the IT market with heavy emphasis on IT Ops and endpoint management
Minimum of 5 years relevant work experience (Ideal candidates will have experience in at least TWO of the following): sales engineer/pre-sales, competitive intelligence, solution architect, sales operations, product management, technical marketing, professional services, and technical support
Proven ability to synthesize complex technical concepts into field actionable guidance and executive summaries
Superior communication skills including experience presenting to senior & executive level management
Excellent people and project management skills to manage projects and interact/build rapport with staff, colleagues, cross-functional teams and third parties

Bonus Points

Direct experience with customers (as a customer, or in a customer support or field role)
Hands-on experience with products (either evaluating/testing or in production)

Benefits Of Working At CrowdStrike

Remote-first culture
Market leader in compensation and equity awards
Competitive vacation and flexible working arrangements 
Comprehensive and inclusive health benefits
Physical and mental wellness programs
Paid parental leave, including adoption 
A variety of professional development and mentorship opportunities
Offices with stocked kitchens when you need to fuel innovation and collaboration

We are committed to fostering a culture of belonging where everyone feels seen, heard, valued for who they are and empowered to succeed. Our approach to cultivating a diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture is rooted in listening, learning and collective action. By embracing the diversity of our people, we achieve our best work and fuel innovation - generating the best possible outcomes for our customers and the communities they serve.

CrowdStrike is committed to maintaining an environment of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action. If you need reasonable accommodation to access the information provided on this website, please contact Recruiting@crowdstrike.com , for further assistance.

CrowdStrike participates in the E-Verify program.

Notice of E-Verify Participation

Right to Work

CrowdStrike, Inc. is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in the U.S. is $110,000 - $175,000 per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

CrowdStrike Canada ULC is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in Canada is $110,000 - $180,000 CAD per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

Expected Close Date of Job Posting is:02-22-2024
About the job
Job Summary 
Reporting to the Senior Director of Digital Acquisitions, the Senior Data Analyst will play a pivotal role in the digital advertising strategy, focusing primarily on digital marketing opportunities across Paid Search, Social platforms and Affiliates. The Senior Data Analyst will lead and promote the implementation of advanced analytics and statistical methods to uncover insights and create dashboards that facilitate data-driven decision-making.
You are responsible for implementing best practices in advanced analytics for performance marketing, and will be working closely with the advertising channel leads, E-commerce, CRM and, tech teams for both brands GARAGE and DYNAMITE.
Primary Responsibilities
Analysis and operations
Perform in-depth analyses of large and diverse datasets to identify trends, patterns, correlations and provide actionable recommendations;
Build and own advertising tools and engine for Paid Media and Affiliates;
Use predictive modeling and rule-based algorithms to increase and optimize customer acquisition, engagement, revenue generation, and customer retention;
Business owner for the revenue attribution and multi-channel attribution analyses;
Develop processes and tools to monitor model performance and data accuracy; develop expertise in regards to the channels data integrations, automation and analytics.
Strategy: Thought partner ensuring data-driven decision-making
As the owner of revenue attribution, you will be responsible to follow technology roadmap that enables tracking and proper channel attribution, coordinate the conversations and decision-making in terms of steering marketing budget as a function of ROI for advertising dollars, marketing cross-channel efforts and media mix;
Understand business requirements and build optimization strategies that respond to different business targets (brands, geography, profitability, etc.);
Be a thought partner for the paid-channel marketing leads to ensure advertising budget is efficiently invested towards targeted performance;
Prioritize initiatives based on potential impact; create and execute the roadmaps.
Team and collaboration:
In close collaboration with the Senior Director of Digital Acquisitions and internal stakeholders (CRM and Loyalty, E-comm, Tech, Marketing, Finance, etc.), identify opportunities for leveraging company data to define business solutions in an iterative and collaborative manner, including collaboration with cross-functional teams to identify opportunities for GenAI applications and develop strategies for their effective use;
Provide guidance on best practices in data science, data synthetization, aggregation, testing, and measurement, and contribute to a collaborative and innovative work environment.

Qualifications:
Master’s degree in quantitative analysis fields such as BI, Machine Learning, Data Science, Mathematics, Computer Science, etc.;
Minimum 5 - 7 years of experience in a data science function, with a focus on driving business impact;
Strong knowledge of statistical methods such as regression, cohort analysis, hypothesis testing, cluster analysis, etc.;
Experience in E-commerce and/or digital marketing, or using data from digital advertising platforms (search, social media, affiliates);
Knowledge of modern visualization tools such as Power BI, Adobe Analytics, Tableau, Funnel, Datorama
Experience with data science tool sets: SQL, R, Python, Spark, Scala, SPSS or equivalent an asset;
Communicating clearly and regularly with teammates and stakeholders;
Understanding of web analytics an asset;
Interest in digital and emerging advertising platforms an asset;
Bilingual, excellent written English.
Over and above a competitive salary and bonus plan, registered retirement savings, and flexible group insurance with personalized coverage that meets your needs, you will be at the forefront of a growing organization that understands the importance of investing in people. You and your family can enjoy our employee discount at Garage and Dynamite, private sample sales throughout the year and many other exciting perks, including a very flexible vacation program.
Our promise
No day will be like the last. We aim to be better today than we were yesterday. We are committed to employment equity.
Candidates that are retained will be called for an interview.
About the job
INNOCEAN is a global agency based in 23 offices across 16 countries immersed in local cultures. Our offices share more than a name – we share ideas, assets and a challenger attitude. We focus on the future and are passionate about discovering innovative solutions that propel our clients’ business forward locally, nationally and internationally.

About the Role
We are seeking a skilled and detail-oriented Data Analyst with 2-3 years of experience to join our dynamic Insights & Analytics team. The ideal candidate will possess a strong analytical mindset, excellent communication skills, and a demonstrated proficiency in delivering data-driven insights. This role requires expertise in Excel, critical thinking abilities, basic SQL knowledge, and a knack for simplifying technical concepts for senior leadership. If you are passionate about turning data into actionable insights, possess a keen analytical mindset, and excel in translating technical findings for diverse audiences, we invite you to apply for this exciting opportunity to contribute to our data-driven decision-making processes.

Responsibilities:
Employ critical thinking to conduct in-depth data analysis and derive actionable insights and strategic recommendations for optimizing business performance, identify trends, patterns, and opportunities for improvement.
Leverage advanced Excel skills, to organize, analyze, and present data in a clear and comprehensible format.
Apply foundational knowledge of Causal Impact or Incrementality concepts to assess the impact of marketing campaigns on digital metrics.
Apply basic data modelling principles to structure and organize data for analytical purposes
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate data-driven insights into broader business strategies and communicate effectively with internal and external stakeholders, translating complex technical concepts into easily understandable insights.
Monitor data discrepancies, investigate issues, and provide timely solutions to maintain data accuracy
Help Bridge the gap between technical details and strategic decision-making, particularly when communicating with senior leadership and work collaboratively with cross-functional teams

Skills and Behaviour:
Employ critical thinking to conduct in-depth data analysis and derive actionable insights and strategic recommendations for optimizing business performance, identify trends, patterns, and opportunities for improvement.
Leverage advanced Excel skills, to organize, analyze, and present data in a clear and comprehensible format.
Apply foundational knowledge of Causal Impact or Incrementality concepts to assess the impact of marketing campaigns on digital metrics.
Apply basic data modelling principles to structure and organize data for analytical purposes
Collaborate with cross-functional teams to integrate data-driven insights into broader business strategies and communicate effectively with internal and external stakeholders, translating complex technical concepts into easily understandable insights.
Monitor data discrepancies, investigate issues, and provide timely solutions to maintain data accuracy
Help Bridge the gap between technical details and strategic decision-making, particularly when communicating with senior leadership and work collaboratively with cross-functional teams

Education and Experience:
Proven experience of 2-3 years in a data analysis role
Bachelor’s degree in a relevant field (eg. Statistics, Data Science, Business Analytics) or equivalent practical experience
Agency background is an asset
Experience in the Auto industry is a bonus but not a requirement

What you will love about working with INNOCEAN Canada
A great office space at King Street West.
Work Life Balance: A hybrid working model with a generous PTO policy and end of year break. Our employees also get a day off when they reach a work anniversary milestone!
Benefits & Wellness: INNOCEAN Canada is committed to the health and well-being of our employees. We offer a comprehensive health & dental benefits plan with an Employee Assistance Program.
Culture: Our social committee plans summer and winter parties, and events like bowling, trivia, ice cream and hot cocoa socials.
Our DEI committee is committed to learning and recognizing events which are important to our employees.

Closing Statement
INNOCEAN Canada is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to diversity, inclusion, and teamwork. We encourage all qualified applicants to inquire below. Any disability-related needs will be accommodated throughout the recruitment process.
About the job
You are as unique as your background, experience and point of view. Here, you’ll be encouraged, empowered and challenged to be your best self. You'll work with dynamic colleagues - experts in their fields - who are eager to share their knowledge with you. Your leaders will inspire and help you reach your potential and soar to new heights. Every day, you'll have new and exciting opportunities to make life brighter for our Clients - who are at the heart of everything we do. Discover how you can make a difference in the lives of individuals, families and communities around the world.

Job Description:

Role Summary

Reporting to the Director, Data & Analytics (Insurance Solutions), the Business Intelligence Specialist will join a team of data scientists, data engineers, and analysts responsible for delivering data and analytical tools to support Sun Life’s individual insurance business in Canada.

The successful candidate will have a front row seat in shaping Sun Life Canada’s business intelligence capabilities, leading various analytics initiatives, and delivering innovative solutions to colleagues across product management, insurance distribution, actuarial, and innovation.

Insurance Solutions is one of the largest business units within Sun Life Canada, accounting for approximately 15% of worldwide earnings. We manufacture and distribute leading-edge life and health insurance products to over two million individual customers.

This is a one year contract role that offers partial benefits and vacation.

What will you do?

Design and Visualization

Design and facilitate workshops to understand user needs, set business requirements, and test BI dashboard designs with users
Translate user needs into compelling BI dashboard designs utilizing best practices in infographic design and aligned with Sun Life design language
Illustrate alternative concepts by mocking up sketches or wireframes with consistent and professional layout and visual; rapidly iterate and develop final versions

Data, Technology, and Tools

Develop metrics and KPIs to measure the performance of analytical and data products in the overall portfolio.
Responsible for improving the quality and management of data assets across distribution, finance, actuarial, product domains
Partner with different partners in the team, business, and IT to evolve data foundation and technology stack for Insurance Solutions
Assist in the migration of all of BI and Insights data foundation to the Enterprise Data Lake

Project and Relationship Management

Build and maintain strong working relationships with the Distribution, Pricing, Operations and IT partners to ensure delivery of initiatives within the area.
Design and deliver end-user training and training materials; provide technical support as necessary
Perform voice of the customer (VOC) feedback analysis to gain insights, take actions and improve.

What will you need to succeed?

4+ years of experience in data analytics with a focus on business intelligence
3+ years of experience and strong understanding of best practices in data visualization and dashboard design
4+ years of experience in Data Visualization tools, atleast 2 years working with Tableau
2+ years of experience with data querying languages (SQL)and techniques, analysis tools, data sources and structures
Excellent verbal and written communication, interpersonal and teamwork skills
Experience in insurance and financial service industry is an asset, but not required
Knowledge in one or more programming languages (Python/R)
Education background in math/UI design/statistics/financial engineering/data analytics

What is in it for you?

Competitive salary influenced by market range data
A friendly, collaborative and inclusive culture
Being part of our Analytics community, where we share best practices and broaden skill-sets

The Base Pay range is for the primary location for which the job is posted. It may vary depending on the work location of the successful candidate or other factors. In addition to Base Pay, eligible Sun Life employees participate in various incentive plans, payment under which is discretionary and subject to individual and company performance. Certain sales focused roles have sales incentive plans based on individual or group sales results.

Diversity and inclusion have always been at the core of our values at Sun Life. A diverse workforce with wide perspectives and creative ideas benefits our clients, the communities where we operate and all of us as colleagues. We welcome applications from qualified individuals from all backgrounds.

Persons with disabilities who need accommodation in the application process or those needing job postings in an alternative format may e-mail a request to thebrightside@sunlife.com.

At Sun Life we strive to create a flexible work environment where our employees are empowered to do their best work. Several flexible work options are available and can be discussed throughout the selection process depending on the role requirements and individual needs.

We thank all applicants for showing an interest in this position. Only those selected for an interview will be contacted.

Salary Range:

76,000/76 000 - 125,000/125 000

Job Category:

Advanced Analytics

Posting End Date:

04/02/2024
About the job
#WeAreCrowdStrike and our mission is to stop breaches. As a global leader in cybersecurity, our team changed the game. Since our inception, our market leading cloud-native platform has offered unparalleled protection against the most sophisticated cyberattacks. We’re looking for people with limitless passion, a relentless focus on innovation and a fanatical commitment to the customer to join us in shaping the future of cybersecurity. Consistently recognized as a top workplace, CrowdStrike is committed to cultivating an inclusive, remote-first culture that offers people the autonomy and flexibility to balance the needs of work and life while taking their career to the next level. Interested in working for a company that sets the standard and leads with integrity? Join us on a mission that matters - one team, one fight.

About The Role

CrowdStrike Intelligence, a core component of CrowdStrike Counter Adversary Operations, is seeking to hire a Senior Intelligence Analyst for its Intelligence Analysis Cell (IAC) to focus on eCrime. This position will primarily conduct analysis on established and emerging actors in the eCrime ecosystem, criminal operating models, monetization techniques, and the geographic diversity of eCrime. This position is instrumental in providing unique insight into the strategic context and operating environment of adversaries through finished intelligence products used by CrowdStrike customers and stakeholders.

What You'll Do

Analyze financially-motivated cyber actors and compose long- and short-form finished intelligence reports related to actor tracking, monetization methods, commodity and closed malware groups, and fraud techniques
Research, assess, and report on specific cyber threat actor and adversary capabilities, motivations, and Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures (TTPs)
Provide clear and concise written responses to customer requests for information (RFIs) and contribute to briefings where necessary
Work in a collaborative environment with other analysts, technical experts, and customer-facing personnel
Assist in research prioritization efforts and intelligence gap identification

What You'll Need

5+ years’ experience conducting research in the field of eCrime to include producing intelligence assessments and handling ad-hoc requests for information (RFIs)
A strong understanding of current and emerging threats related to financially-motivated computer intrusions, scams, and fraud techniques
In-depth knowledge of current underground criminal forums and marketplaces, digital currency use in criminal activity, enabling infrastructures, monetization methods, money laundering, and access brokers
A general understanding of commonly used criminal malware, botnets, and access brokers
An ability to express complex technical and non-technical concepts verbally, graphically, and in writing
Excellent English writing and open-source research skills
Comprehensive practical knowledge of intelligence analysis and collection skills
An analytic mindset capable of applying best practices such as structured analysis, awareness of biases and other pitfalls, and critical thinking in source evaluation
Undergraduate degree in cybersecurity, general intelligence studies, security studies, criminal justice, political science, international relations; or equivalent military training and experience in a cyber intelligence/security MOS
Technical and non-technical security certifications pertaining to financial crimes analysis, anti-money laundering (AML), or cyber threat intelligence

Preferred

Graduate or professional degrees in any of the aforementioned fields
Ability to utilize graph analysis tools (e.g., i2 Analyst Notebook, Maltego) to create both working-level and presentation-grade visualization charts
Experience contributing to Computer Network Operations (CNO) campaign tracking, including working with technical indicators pertaining to malware and network infrastructure
Formal foreign language training or competency, especially in Russian, Farsi, Chinese, Spanish, or Portuguese

Benefits Of Working At CrowdStrike

Remote-first culture
Market leader in compensation and equity awards
Competitive vacation and flexible working arrangements 
Comprehensive and inclusive health benefits
Physical and mental wellness programs
Paid parental leave, including adoption 
A variety of professional development and mentorship opportunities
Offices with stocked kitchens when you need to fuel innovation and collaboration

We are committed to fostering a culture of belonging where everyone feels seen, heard, valued for who they are and empowered to succeed. Our approach to cultivating a diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture is rooted in listening, learning and collective action. By embracing the diversity of our people, we achieve our best work and fuel innovation - generating the best possible outcomes for our customers and the communities they serve.

CrowdStrike is committed to maintaining an environment of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action. If you need reasonable accommodation to access the information provided on this website, please contact Recruiting@crowdstrike.com , for further assistance.

CrowdStrike participates in the E-Verify program.

Notice of E-Verify Participation

Right to Work

CrowdStrike, Inc. is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in the U.S. is $110,000 - $175,000 per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

CrowdStrike Canada ULC is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in Canada is $110,000 - $180,000 CAD per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

Expected Close Date of Job Posting is:02-22-2024
About the job
Job Description

We are seeking a dedicated and enthusiastic AI/ML Analyst (Artificial Intelligence / Machine Learning Analyst), to join our innovative team .

The ideal candidate will have recently graduated with a Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or a related field. In this role, you will support the development and implementation of AI and ML models, contributing to projects that leverage the latest in technology to deliver impactful solutions.

Location: Ottawa, ON, Canada
Work Style: Hybrid - Average 2 days a week onsite in Ottawa
Security Clearance: Candidates must currently hold, or have ability to quality for a Government of Canada Security Clearance at the Reliability level.

Key Responsibilities

Model Support and Analysis:
Assist in the development and refinement of machine learning models under supervision.
Participate in analyzing model results and suggest improvements.
Data Preparation and Management:
Assist in data collection, cleaning, and preprocessing for analysis.
Help ensure data quality and integrity.
Learning and Growth:
Continuously learn and stay updated with AI and ML technologies and trends.
Engage in internal training and development opportunities.
Team Collaboration:
Collaborate with team members on AI/ML projects.
Effectively communicate findings and suggestions to both technical and non-technical colleagues.
Quality Assurance:
Assist in the testing and validation of AI/ML models.
Help identify and resolve performance issues.
Documentation:
Assist in documenting methodologies, solutions, and processes.
Contribute to project reports and presentations.

Qualifications

Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Artificial Intelligence, Machine Learning, or related field.
Basic knowledge of AI and ML principles.
Experience with programming languages such as Python or R.
Familiarity with basic ML algorithms and frameworks is a plus.
Strong analytical skills and eagerness to learn.
Good communication and teamwork skills.

About Us

Fujitsu at a Glance

Fujitsu is a leading information and communication technology (ICT) company, headquartered in Japan, offering a full range of technology products, solutions, and services. Approximately 132,000 Fujitsu people support customers in more than 100 countries. We use our experience and the power of ICT to shape the future of society with our customers.

We are a corporate culture that places great value on the pursuit of new possibilities previously unimagined and brings them to fruition. This has been the foundation of Fujitsu’s success since its inception. In an increasingly competitive world, in which the pace of change continues to accelerate, Fujitsu must strive for continuous innovation. Each and every employee will rise to the challenge of creating new value amid changes in the management environment, technology, society and the marketplace. With a spirit of challenge, we are committed to the continuous creation of new value. Fujitsu wants innovators like you!

At Fujitsu, one of our corporate principles is "We respect human rights." This principle underpins all our corporate and individual activities and guides the actions of every Fujitsu Group member. We embrace diversity and equal opportunity. Qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, ethnic or national origin, citizenship, political belief, social condition, family, marital or civil status, genetics, disability, age, veteran status, or conviction of an offence that is unrelated to employment. By empowering people, we can unleash our collective strengths to create a better experience for our employees, our customers, and our partners.
About the job
Description

Position Summary

Data Analysis Trainee assists in analysis activities including data setup, data searches, feature identification and marking.
Primary Responsibilities
Safety shall always be the top priority
Work in a team environment collaborating and sharing knowledge and experiences
Learn the responsibilities and required tasks of a Level I Data Analysis.
Completed requirements of Level I Data Analysis qualifications and pass evaluations
Interpret industry documentation on ILI tools and pipeline integrity
Under the supervision of a Data Analysis Level II or higher perform data preparation and processing of ILI data
Under the supervision of a Data Analysis Level II or higher perform feature categorization, evaluation and marking
Performs other assigned tasks

Requirements

Requirements

Degree or diploma in engineering, science or technical discipline; or equivalent experience preferred
Strong work ethic with a can-do attitude
Proficient with operating relevant customized and shrink-wrap computer software applications
Demonstrated ability to deliver timely, accurate, and complete results
Requires a strong ability to sustain focus on one or more tasks while avoiding distractions. 
Willingness to handle repetitive tasks
Requires pattern recognition and spatial thinking skill. 
Must be customer focused, have an excellent attention to detail and a strong ability to work in a team environment
About the job
#WeAreCrowdStrike and our mission is to stop breaches. As a global leader in cybersecurity, our team changed the game. Since our inception, our market leading cloud-native platform has offered unparalleled protection against the most sophisticated cyberattacks. We’re looking for people with limitless passion, a relentless focus on innovation and a fanatical commitment to the customer to join us in shaping the future of cybersecurity. Consistently recognized as a top workplace, CrowdStrike is committed to cultivating an inclusive, remote-first culture that offers people the autonomy and flexibility to balance the needs of work and life while taking their career to the next level. Interested in working for a company that sets the standard and leads with integrity? Join us on a mission that matters - one team, one fight.

About The Role

CrowdStrike Intelligence, a core component of CrowdStrike Counter Adversary Operations, is seeking to hire a Senior Intelligence Analyst for its Intelligence Analysis Cell (IAC) to focus on eCrime. This position will primarily conduct analysis on established and emerging actors in the eCrime ecosystem, criminal operating models, monetization techniques, and the geographic diversity of eCrime. This position is instrumental in providing unique insight into the strategic context and operating environment of adversaries through finished intelligence products used by CrowdStrike customers and stakeholders.

What You'll Do

Analyze financially-motivated cyber actors and compose long- and short-form finished intelligence reports related to actor tracking, monetization methods, commodity and closed malware groups, and fraud techniques
Research, assess, and report on specific cyber threat actor and adversary capabilities, motivations, and Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures (TTPs)
Provide clear and concise written responses to customer requests for information (RFIs) and contribute to briefings where necessary
Work in a collaborative environment with other analysts, technical experts, and customer-facing personnel
Assist in research prioritization efforts and intelligence gap identification

What You'll Need

5+ years’ experience conducting research in the field of eCrime to include producing intelligence assessments and handling ad-hoc requests for information (RFIs)
A strong understanding of current and emerging threats related to financially-motivated computer intrusions, scams, and fraud techniques
In-depth knowledge of current underground criminal forums and marketplaces, digital currency use in criminal activity, enabling infrastructures, monetization methods, money laundering, and access brokers
A general understanding of commonly used criminal malware, botnets, and access brokers
An ability to express complex technical and non-technical concepts verbally, graphically, and in writing
Excellent English writing and open-source research skills
Comprehensive practical knowledge of intelligence analysis and collection skills
An analytic mindset capable of applying best practices such as structured analysis, awareness of biases and other pitfalls, and critical thinking in source evaluation
Undergraduate degree in cybersecurity, general intelligence studies, security studies, criminal justice, political science, international relations; or equivalent military training and experience in a cyber intelligence/security MOS
Technical and non-technical security certifications pertaining to financial crimes analysis, anti-money laundering (AML), or cyber threat intelligence

Preferred

Graduate or professional degrees in any of the aforementioned fields
Ability to utilize graph analysis tools (e.g., i2 Analyst Notebook, Maltego) to create both working-level and presentation-grade visualization charts
Experience contributing to Computer Network Operations (CNO) campaign tracking, including working with technical indicators pertaining to malware and network infrastructure
Formal foreign language training or competency, especially in Russian, Farsi, Chinese, Spanish, or Portuguese

Benefits Of Working At CrowdStrike

Remote-first culture
Market leader in compensation and equity awards
Competitive vacation and flexible working arrangements 
Comprehensive and inclusive health benefits
Physical and mental wellness programs
Paid parental leave, including adoption 
A variety of professional development and mentorship opportunities
Offices with stocked kitchens when you need to fuel innovation and collaboration

We are committed to fostering a culture of belonging where everyone feels seen, heard, valued for who they are and empowered to succeed. Our approach to cultivating a diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture is rooted in listening, learning and collective action. By embracing the diversity of our people, we achieve our best work and fuel innovation - generating the best possible outcomes for our customers and the communities they serve.

CrowdStrike is committed to maintaining an environment of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action. If you need reasonable accommodation to access the information provided on this website, please contact Recruiting@crowdstrike.com , for further assistance.

CrowdStrike participates in the E-Verify program.

Notice of E-Verify Participation

Right to Work

CrowdStrike, Inc. is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in the U.S. is $110,000 - $175,000 per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

CrowdStrike Canada ULC is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in Canada is $110,000 - $180,000 CAD per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

Expected Close Date of Job Posting is:02-22-2024
About the job
Venture outside the ordinary - TMX Careers

The TMX group of companies includes leading global exchanges such as the Toronto Stock Exchange, Montreal Exchange, and numerous innovative organizations enhancing capital markets. United as a global team, we’re connecting cross-functionally, traversing industries and geographies, moving opportunity into action, advancing global economic growth, and propelling progress. Through a rich exchange of ideas, meaningful collaboration, and a nimble operating model, we're powering some of the nation's most critical systems, fueling capital formation and innovation, bringing increased opportunity to business visionaries, product ingenuity to consumers, and career exploration to our team.

Ready to be part of the action?

Reporting to Senior Manager CDS, you will be responsible for efficient and effective managing and reporting of entitlement and mandatory corporate action related information with a high commitment to maintaining effective and cordial relationships with external and internal business contacts.

Key Accountabilities

Analyze all information pertaining to entitlement distributions and mandatory corporate action events for reporting pertinent information externally to CDS participants/subscribers and internally to various support departments.
Interact with Issuers/Legal Counsel, Transfer Agents/Paying Agents, DTCC and Securities Regulators, as deemed necessary, to validate information details and clarify any legal/tax implications of all entitlement distributions and mandatory corporate action events.
Ensure timely and accurate information reporting and distribution processing of entitlement and mandatory corporate action events through various systems and websites.
Summarize and prepare Depository bulletins, where applicable, detailing all relevant information for dissemination to CDS subscribers within the established service level standard.
Research and respond to all related queries/requests in a tactful, courteous and professional manner within reasonable timeframe ensuring customer satisfaction and resolution.
Exercise good judgment to promptly resolve and/or escalate problems/discrepancies within established timelines and document clearly all occurrences and exceptions for future reference.
Review procedures, guidelines and internal controls and recommend changes where appropriate ensuring operational excellence, risk mitigation and customer consideration.
Perform additional tasks as assigned from time to time to maintain effective coordination and management of the unit.

Must Haves

Post-secondary education in Commerce, Business Administration or Economics
Canadian Securities Course
3 years relevant experience in the financial/securities industry specifically in the Entitlement and Corporate Action operation areas.
Thorough understanding of security entitlement/corporate action procedures and depository operations including securities issuance and cancellation as well as DTC interface.
Excellent analytical/accounting skills to accurately determine complex entitlement payments and finalize corporate actions processes.
Strong organizational skills, ability to plan and prioritize regular tasks and special projects through to completion meeting strict deadlines in a time sensitive environment.
Excellent written and verbal communication, ability to write clearly and concisely and effectively interacts with external agencies through maintaining cordial relationships.
Intermediate knowledge of EXCEL and other PC software systems (such as Word, Google G Suite, etc.)
Proficiency in both the French and English languages (oral and written) is essential for this role, as the employee will be engaging with both internal and external stakeholders who primarily communicate in English

Nice To Haves

General understanding and knowledge of macro being an asset

In the market for…

Excitement - Explore emerging technology and innovation, as well as ventures and digital finance that shape the future of global markets! Experience the movement of the market while grounded in the stability of close to 200 years of success.

Connection - With site hubs in some of the world’s most multicultural cities, we leverage our size and structure to create rich connections and belonging while experiencing powerful global impact through our work.

Impact - More than a platform, we use our talents to power mission-critical systems that drive global economic advancement, innovation, and growth. As well, our employee-led Team Impact spreads social good via our giving strategy.

Wellness - From empathetic leadership to a culture of flexibility and balance, we believe wellness at work creates the maximum yield and a stronger “we”. Plus, with a cloud-first and hybrid workstyle, as well as generous time-off and leaves, we support a life well lived!

Growth - From a growth mindset in our work, to expansion in our business, TMX is home to action-takers energized by the achievement of ambitious growth.

Ready to enrich your career with impactful work, leaders who truly care, and the flexibility and programs to help you thrive as part of #TeamTMX ? Apply now.

TMX is committed to creating and sustaining a collegial work environment in which all individuals are treated with dignity and respect and one which reflects the diversity of the community in which we operate. We provide accommodations for applicants and employees who require it.
About the job
The Business Intelligence Analyst contributes to the success of ISM’s Analytics and Data Services team. This team assists businesses from all sectors with using data to improve product development, customer service and outcomes, and to enhance business growth and development.

The Business Intelligence Analyst provides a key role in the delivery of ISM’s Analytics service(s). This position will provide thought leadership and work directly with customers in addition to working closely with ISM team members.

Responsibilities:
Use of data engineering tools such as DataStage, relational databases and Azure Data Factory.
Use of Microsoft BI facilities such as Power BI, SSRS, SSIS and Azure data pipelines to visualize business data in support of client’s business problems
Developing clients BI reporting environments supporting separation of duties, governance and security
Use of the IBM Cognos Business Intelligence stack including Report Studio, Query Studio, Workspace Advanced and Framework Manager will be considered an advantage
Assist with the installation and administration of BI and data toolsets
Involvement with Data Warehouse design and development
Learn & implement best practice ETL theory through ETL Development and ETL application support
Implement data conversion, validation and cleansing strategies
Use of data oriented programming language (including Python, T-SQL, PL/SQL) and working directly with a wide variety of Database types
Work with Business Analysts to understand and translate business needs to identifiable source data systems
Work with the Application Development team to implement data strategies, build and document data flows from source systems to target Data Warehouse(s)
Implement Logical and Physical data models
Analyze data-related system integration challenges and propose appropriate solutions
Must be detail oriented, have the ability to work in a deadline-oriented environment, regularly meet/exceed service level agreement requirements, and provide excellent customer service
Adhere to strict privacy and security governance policies
Educate and train clients and/or ISM employees on services, products, or analytical findings
Collaborate with ISM Analytics team members
Help develop and grow Analytics Services at ISM


Qualifications:
University Degree or diploma in Computer Science, Mathematics, Statistics, Data Processing, or an equivalent combination of education, experience and training
Three or more years of professional-level experience with business intelligence software, database/data warehouse software, and computer programming
Contributing individually or as part of a team to manage business intelligence projects
Good knowledge of computer fundamentals including computer environments and operating systems; compile and execution functions; data structures, formats and storage media; and programming languages
Good knowledge of structured analysis, design and programming techniques and demonstrated ability to follow structured design and analyst disciplines
Good organizational skills with a demonstrated ability to set and achieve more than one concurrent objective reliably
Good analytical and problem solving skills
Good oral and written communication skills
Ability and initiative to learn and use new techniques, products and systems
Ability to work productively and demonstrate leadership in a team environment
Good interpersonal skills including a mature and professional attitude demonstrated to clients and employees

To view the full job description and to submit your application, visit the ISM Careers Portal: https://www.ismcanada.com/careers
About the job
Job Description

Reporting to the Manager of Operations Finance, the Data Analyst II is responsible for transforming raw data into actionable insights that contribute to strategic decision-making. This role works closely with cross-functional teams to analyze large datasets, identify trends, and communicate findings to stakeholders.

Note: This position qualifies for an optional hybrid work schedule after 90 days of onsite work and onboarding. Employee will be subject to the terms of the Flexible Work Policy Agreement.

What You’ll Do

Power BI Development:

Designs, develops, and maintains interactive and visually compelling Power BI dashboards and reports tailored to the unique requirements of the shipbuilding industry.
Creates data models and data structures within Power BI to ensure efficient data organization and retrieval. Implement data transformations, calculations, and aggregations to support analysis and reporting needs.
Integrates data from different sources into Power BI, ensuring data accuracy and consistency. 
Generates regular reports and ad-hoc analyses using Power BI. Customize reports based on stakeholder requirements and provide insights to support decision-making processes.


Data Analysis And Interpretation

Analyzes complex data sets related to shipbuilding projects, design and production processes, and performance metrics to identify trends, patterns, and areas for improvement.
Provides insights and recommendations to enhance operational efficiency, cost-effectiveness, and overall project success.


Collaboration

Collaborates with cross-functional teams, including engineering, project management, and finance, to understand data requirements and deliver solutions that meet business needs.
Communicates findings and insights in a clear and understandable manner to both technical and non-technical stakeholders.
Proactively identifies opportunities for process improvement and automation.


Data Governance

Ensures the integrity, security, and quality of data through effective data governance practices.
Establishes and enforce data standards and best practices within the shipbuilding data environment.


What You’ll Bring

Bachelor’s degree in a quantitative field such as Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, Economics, or a related discipline. 
Minimum of 3 years of experience as a data analyst.
Proven experience as a Data Analyst or in a similar role.
Proficiency in DAX (Data Analysis Expressions) is a valuable skill for a Data Analyst, as it enables efficient manipulation and analysis of data within Microsoft Power BI and Excel.
Proficient in data analysis tools and languages (e.g., SQL, Python, R) is a plus.
Strong analytical and problem-solving skills with a keen attention to detail.
Experience with data visualization tools such as Power BI.
Excellent communication skills with the ability to convey complex findings to non-technical stakeholders.
Familiarity with database management concepts.
Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a fast-paced environment.
Familiarity with Finance Environment is a plus.


Why you’ll love working here

This is a full-time, permanent position. With multiple operations and long-term projects, Seaspan employees enjoy job stability as we look ahead to build ships for decades to come. 
In addition to an annual bonus and pension plan matching, this role provides you a very competitive salary in line with the successful candidate’s experience. 
We also provide a best-in-class health and wellness benefits package for this position, including such things as full health care (e.g. unlimited physiotherapy), dental, vision, life insurance, medical leave coverage, parental leave coverage, childcare benefit partnership, wellness/fitness reimbursement for memberships or registration fees, and an Employee Family Assistance Program (EFAP). 
Free on-site gym. 
Parking is included and to assist those that are using transit, we operate a complimentary shuttle bus Monday through Friday with various pick up and drop off points around North Vancouver. 


The estimated salary for this position is $81,000 - $99,000. In determining final salary, Seaspan considers many factors including the successful Candidate’s skillset and experience as well as position location and internal equity. The final base salary offer will be at the Company’s sole discretion and presented as part of a competitive total compensation package.

About Us

Seaspan Shipyards is one of North America’s most modern shipyards and unique in its ability to provide a complete range of services including new construction, conversion, refit, repair and life-cycle maintenance work for Canada’s Coast Guard and Navy as well as commercial vessels including cruise-ships and deep-sea vessels. Seaspan Shipyards operations include Vancouver Shipyards, Vancouver Drydock and Victoria Shipyards.

To learn more, visit our website:   www.seaspan.com 

Seaspan is committed to Employment Equity, supports diversity in the workplace, and encourages applications from all qualified individuals including, women, members of visible minorities, Indigenous persons, and persons with disabilities. Furthermore, we are committed to providing an inclusive and accessible environment. If you require reasonable accommodation during the recruitment process, please let us know, and we will work with you to support your request.
About the job
About Virtusa

Virtusa Corporation is a global provider of Digital Business Transformation, Digital Engineering, and Information Technology (IT) outsourcing services that accelerate our clients’ journey to their Digital Future. Virtusa serves Global 2000 companies in Banking, Financial Services, Insurance, Healthcare, Telecommunications, Media, Entertainment, Travel, Manufacturing, and Technology industries

BI Consultant

Primary Power BI, Data Modeling

Secondary sql database python tableau qlikview

We are seeking a motivated Power BI Developer to join our team. The ideal candidate will assist in developing, maintaining, and optimizing Power BI solutions to turn data into insightful visualizations and reports. This role involves collaborating with cross-functional teams to gather requirements and deliver effective data-driven solutions.

Responsibility

Collaborate with stakeholders to gather business requirements for data visualization and reporting.

Develop and maintain Power BI reports, dashboards, and visualizations.

Assist in data modeling, ETL processes, and data warehouse development.

Troubleshoot and optimize existing Power BI solutions for performance and usability.

Support in creating documentation and providing training on Power BI tools and best practices.

Stay updated with the latest Power BI features and industry trends.

Requirement

Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Information Technology, or related field and 2+ years of relevant experience.

Proficiency in Power BI, including report/dashboard development and data modeling.

Understanding of SQL, databases, and data manipulation techniques.

Strong analytical and problem-solving skills.

Ability to work collaboratively in a team environment.

Excellent communication and interpersonal abilities.

Good to have.

Experience with other BI tools like Tableau, QlikView, or similar.

Familiarity with programming languages such as Python or R for data analysis.
About the job
Primary Responsibilities: 

The Biostatistician Intern is an entry-level trainee position and will work with other biostatisticians in the group to provide statistical support in drug development setting. Key responsibilities and skills include, but are not limited to:

Responsible for accuracy and completeness of database quality assurance checks. 
Responsible for assuring that data for statistical analyses are sufficiently accurate and consistent. 
Demonstrate extensive understanding of statistical concepts and methodologies. 
Responsible for accuracy and consistency of statistical tables, figures, and data listings, accuracy of report text, and consistency between summary tables in the body of reports and the corresponding source tables and listings.


Qualifications

MS in Statistics, Biostatistics or related field.
Technical competence and communication capability, both oral and written.
Training and experience in experimental design, descriptive and inferential statistics, Biometrics and computer systems.


Other Requirements

Must be eligible to work in Canada.

Must live in Ontario, and be able to work in the office in a hybrid schedule.

ClinChoice Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer / Committed to Diversity
About the job
About Agoda

Agoda is an online travel booking platform for accommodations, flights, and more. We build and deploy cutting-edge technology that connects travelers with more than 3.6 million accommodations globally. Based in Asia and part of Booking Holdings, our 6,000+ employees representing 90+ nationalities foster a work environment rich in diversity, creativity, and collaboration. We innovate through a culture of experimentation and ownership, enhancing the ability for our customers to experience the world.

 Get to Know our  Team: 

The Performance Marketing Team of Agoda is a world leader in online marketing. This department is highly data-driven and focused on developing at-scale marketing programs that improve the lifetime value of Agoda customers through measurable marketing programs and channels. The team is a blend of the best analysts, marketing strategists, and data scientists in the world. The marketing leadership at Agoda have deep experience in data science, product, strategy, and other marketing fields and have built an organization that thrives on data, creative ideas, and technology. The Performance Marketing Team also fosters a great learning environment. You will be able to learn and grow by working closely with experts from a variety of backgrounds from all over the world.

 In this Role, you’ll get  to: 

Search: Experiment with text ads, bidding, and campaign structures on Google, Bing, Baidu, Naver, and other search engines. Adapt to new product features and roll out changes from successful tests
Display: Test, analyze, and optimize campaigns on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and others
Modeling: Analyze the vast amounts of data generated by experiments, develop models we can use for optimization, and build dashboards for account managers

 What you’ll Need to  Succeed: 

Bachelor’s Degree or higher from top university in a quantitative subject (computer science, mathematics, engineering, statistics or science)
Ability to communicate fluently in English
Exposure to one or more data analysis packages or databases, e.g., SAS, R, SPSS, Python, VBA, SQL, Tableau
Good numerical reasoning skills
Proficiency in Excel
Intellectual curiosity and analytical skills

 It’s Great if you  Have: 

Experience in digital marketing
Academic research experience

#STRA#ANLS#MRKT#3 #Bengaluru #SãoPaulo #Delhi #NewYorkCity #Nigeria #London #Hyderabad #Pune #Mumbai #Colombia #Paris #Jakarta #Chennai #SanFrancisco #WashingtonDC #Toronto #Pakistan #LosAngeles #Dallas #Chicago #Kenya #Boston #Shanghai #Egypt #BuenosAires #Manila #Netherlands #Singapore #RiodeJaneiro #Beijing #Atlanta #Sydney #Madrid #Vietnam #SaudiArabia #Peru #Melbourne #Ireland #Russia #Bangladesh #MexicoCity #Philadelphia #Chile #SeattleArea #Noida #Kolkata #Guangdong #UnitedArabEmirates #TelAvivDistrict #Houston #KualaLumpur #BeloHorizonte #SouthKorea #Bangkok #Istanbul #Austin #Curitiba #Warsaw #Campinas #Barcelona #Ukraine #CostaRica #Berlin #Romania #Denver #Johannesburg #Minneapolis #Manchester #Miami #MexicoCity #Phoenix #Detroit #Coimbatore #Milan #PortoAlegre #Vancouver #Montreal #Charlotte #SanDiego #Ghana #SaltLakeCity #Raleigh #HongKong #Fortaleza #Munich #Prague #Ecuador #TampaBay #Tokyo #Serbia #Taipei #Cracow #Zhejiang #CapeTown #Brasilia #Columbus data representation data analysis SQL data analytics analytics python (programming language) data mining data science r (programming language) tableau analytical skills data visualization databases business analysis business intelligence (bi) microsoft sql server machine learning statistics microsoft power bi java finance shopee traveloka google facebook ctrip trip.com makemytrip grab amazon pandas (software) artificial intelligence (ai) information technology capital one accenture upwork deloitte mckinsey bain microsoft uber lyft gojek lazada alibaba shopify expedia skyscanner

Equal Opportunity Employer 

At Agoda, we pride ourselves on being a company represented by people of all different backgrounds and orientations. We prioritize attracting diverse talent and cultivating an inclusive environment that encourages collaboration and innovation. Employment at Agoda is based solely on a person’s merit and qualifications. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity regardless of sex, age, race, color, national origin, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, citizenship, veteran or military status, and other legally protected characteristics.

We will keep your application on file so that we can consider you for future vacancies and you can always ask to have your details removed from the file. For more details please read our privacy policy .

To all recruitment agencies: Agoda does not accept third party resumes. Please do not send resumes to our jobs alias, Agoda employees or any other organization location. Agoda is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
About the job
Why join Stryker?

We are proud to be named one the World’s Best Workplaces and a Best Workplace for Diversity by Fortune Magazine! Learn more about our award-winning organization by visiting stryker.com

Our total rewards package offering includes bonuses, healthcare, insurance benefits, retirement programs, wellness programs, as well as service and performance awards – not to mention various social and recreational activities, all of which are location specific.

Know someone at Stryker?

Be sure to have them submit you as a referrral prior to applying for this position. Learn more about our employee referral program

This is a 12-month contract role set to expire 02/2025.

As the Commercial Data Analyst, you are responsible for the establishment of specialized, high level financial and commercial analysis and insights to enable the business to make informed decisions and drive organizational action within each Division in Canada as well as across Canada.

This is a hybrid role requiring Wednesdays and 1 other day per week onsite.

Who We Want

Strategic Thinkers: People who enjoy analyzing data or trends for the purposes of planning, forecasting, advising, budgeting, reporting, or sales opportunities.

Collaborative Partners: People who build and leverage cross-functional relationships to bring together ideas, data, and insights to drive continuous improvement in functions.

Self-directed initiators: People who take ownership of their work and need no prompting to drive productivity, change, and outcomes.

What You Will Do

Consistently meet service delivery expectations based on input from the business.
Gather and build big data dashboard/analytic plan for Canada with vision of “single source of truth” philosophy – inclusive of internal data and acquired external market data. 
Develop analytics that allow Commercial leaders to make actionable data driven commercial decisions using both internal and external data.
Effectively partner and collaborate with Senior Management, Marketing, Finance, Sales and Operations as well as Business Insights team in the International and US regions to align on big data footprint, utilize existing dashboards/platforms, and technology strategy.
Responsible for leading the creation, collection, organization, development, and dissemination of relevant data analysis to support strategic business objectives.
Provide insights focused on customer and market trends to make recommendations for new business opportunities and identify emerging trends in segments/channels.
Develop and administer training programs and/or communication for end users on deployment of new dashboards and tools ensuring strong change management and adoption protocols.
Introduce new opportunities and make recommendations to drive process improvements and increase productivity (simpler, faster) and collect and help to prioritize enhancement requests; coordinate appropriate communication with the business users.
Conceptualize and build reports leveraging visualization tools such as Power BI to effectively communicate data driven insights to stakeholders.
Identify new data analysis needs and develop new datasets/solutions to help meet business objectives and proactively identify and raise awareness about concerns or risks regarding data integrity which could undermine dashboard accuracy and participate in resolving them.

What You Need

University Degree required in economics, business, data analytics or equivalent field.
2+ years of relevant experience required.
Strong understanding and technical knowledge of data modeling and report development with tools such as Power BI, Tableau, and Excel required.
Experience with Microsoft Excel and PowerPoint creating creating a story behind the numbers required.
Certification in Microsoft Power BI preferred.
Hands on scripting (python, R, and/or SQL) or statistical analysis experience preferred.
Experience in leading projects with cross functional teams including Information Technology partners preferred.
Capable of analyzing and resolving complex questions related to financial performance preferred.
Internal applicants with an equivalent combination of education, experience, and performance over time at Stryker will be considered.

About Stryker

Stryker is one of the world’s leading medical technology companies and, together with our customers, is driven to make healthcare better.

The company offers innovative products and services in Medical and Surgical, Neurotechnology, Orthopedics, and Spine that help improve patient and healthcare outcomes. Alongside its customers around the world, Stryker impacts more than 100 million patients annually.

More information is available at stryker.com

R511240
About the job
BOMBARDIER

Bombardier is a global leader, creating innovative and game-changing planes. Our products and services provide world-class transportation experiences that set new standards in passenger comfort, energy, efficiency, reliability and safety. We are a global organization focused on working together with a team spirit.

In your role, you will

Execute audit projects based on a risk assessment;
Appraise financials controls, reporting systems and compliance processes;
Prepare audit reports that adequately communicate the findings;
Perform follow-up reviews to validate that process improvement results have been achieved;
Develop effective and value-added partnerships while maintaining audit independence and objectivity in all assignments;
Provide ongoing analysis of feedback received from the members of Management to identify new project or service opportunities;
Perform special projects as assigned by Internal Audit management;
Develop data visualization reports (e.g. Power BI) to present information in a credible, compelling way
Identify relevant data for current and future needs; coordinate data extraction and updates in the source systems; 
Support Data Analytics and internal controls managers in any adhoc required projects;
Act as a lead in any mandate given by management.


As our ideal candidate

You possess a bachelor’s degree in Accounting or Finance with a recognized accounting designation (CPA, CIA);
You possess minimum eight (8) years of pertinent experience
You have advanced knowledge of Excel, and data analysis and visualization tools (e.g. Power BI); 
You have advanced knowledge of SQL, ACL, Alteryx, an asset; 
You have a strong understanding of business risks and analytical skills to evaluate areas of risks and to develop appropriate solutions;
You possess knowledge of auditing frameworks such as COSO, COBIT; 
You are fluent in French and English, both verbally and in writing;
You are organized and manage time efficiently, while working toward aggressive deadlines;
You have excellent interpersonal, communication, and presentation skills;
You have strong experience in project management;
You are a team player;
You can work independently with little supervision and make sound decisions;
You demonstrate the ability to think both analytically and creatively;
You are detail-oriented;
You have the ability to travel when required (15% of the time).


Interested?

If you aren’t sure you have all the skills, knowledge, and experience for this role, you are encouraged to apply. At Bombardier, we aren’t looking for the perfect candidate. We are looking for great talent with an optimistic attitude who wants to get the job done.

Now that you can see yourself as a financial analyst at Bombardier, apply and let’s chat!

Bombardier is an equal opportunity employer and encourages individuals of all races, religions, ethnicities, gender identities, sexual orientations, ages, immigration statuses, disabilities, or other legally protected characteristics to apply.
About the job
At Loblaw Digital, we know that our customers expect the best from us. Whether that means building the best, most innovative online shopping experiences, or designing an app that will impact the lives of people across the country, we’re up for the challenge. Loblaw Digital is the team responsible for building and operating the online businesses of Canada’s largest and most successful retailer. Based in downtown Toronto, we are an entrepreneurial, fast-paced, and collaborative team working towards transforming the way Canadians shop by creating leading eCommerce experiences in the online grocery shopping, beauty, pharmacy, loyalty, and apparel spaces, and we’re only just getting started! To achieve these goals, we are looking for talented and passionate individuals who want to collaborate and solve challenging problems and make significant and lasting impact on Canadians.

As Senior Analyst - Digital Analytics, you will drive cross business customer retention, acquisition, and engagement by using your knowledge in advanced analytics to develop statistical analysis, derive actionable insights and deliver accurate reporting from customer data. You’ll work collaboratively, leveraging your experience in product analytics, lifecycle marketing, and business process to deliver the high-impact customer insights and recommendations that will grow our business. You will also get the opportunity to build and own growth analytics data products and models. If you thrive at the intersection of data and product, and are passionate about customers, this is the place for you.

Please note, this role is Hybrid - 3 days in office and 2 days remote**

What You'll Do

Support the strategy, development, execution, and measurement of data-driven marketing campaigns, personalization initiatives and product launches in multiple digital channels across a variety of businesses.
Leverage a diverse set of technical tools to derive deep and actionable insights from transactional, digital, and loyalty data to inform customer growth strategies.
Deep dive into customer data across a large number of owned & digital channels to support and drive growth product planning.
Scope, develop, and maintain analytical dashboards & reports that contain actionable metrics to monitor business performance and inform strategic decision-making.
Partner with external teams to help guide, develop, and build predictive models that contribute to customer growth strategy.
Forecast, track, and analyze experiment performance to maximize digital conversions and incremental opportunities.
Automate and scale processes to improve analytical throughput. 
Be a part of an agile growth analytics team with regular sprint cycles and ceremonies.

Does This Sound Like You

 Undergraduate degree in a technical discipline (Mathematics, Statistics, Economics, Computer Science, etc.) or related experience in a technical field
3+ years of hands-on experience in an analytical role and proven ability to work with relevant tools (SQL, Excel, BigQuery, Python/R, Snowplow/Omniture/GA etc.)
Ability to generate meaningful customer insights from large volumes of complex data.
Experience using data analysis and modeling to better understand customer mindsets using transactional and behavioural data sets.
Proven experience owning and/or contributing to advanced analytics projects and models (ex. attribution & propensity modeling, decision trees, segmentation, time series analysis etc.)
Comfortable building compelling dashboards with data visualization tools (Looker, Data Studio, PowerBI, Tableau or similar)
Previous experience working with digital analytics data to understand customer journey and derive actionable insights for business planning.
Hands-on experience with statistical analysis (Experimental Design, Hypothesis Testing, ANOVA, GLM, etc.) 
Naturally curious, always looking for the ‘why’ and not afraid to dive deep to get answers.
Effective communication skills, and collaborative mindset
Experience with automation of processes or working with data pipelines is an asset.
Experience in retail analytics (CRM (Customer Relationship Management), Loyalty, etc.) is an asset.

How You’ll Succeed

At Loblaw Digital, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. We’re able to keep innovating because our colleagues are passionate about their work and excited about the future of eCommerce. You will get to work with some of the best digital minds and will have the support of world class technologies to craft products our customers will love!

If you are unsure whether your experience matches every requirement above, we encourage you to apply anyway. We are looking for varied perspectives which include diverse experiences that we can add to our team.

We have a long-standing focus on diversity, equity and inclusion because we know it will make our company a better place to work and shop. We are committed to creating accessible environments for our colleagues, candidates and customers. Requests for accommodation due to a disability (which may be visible or invisible, temporary or permanent) can be made at any stage of application and employment. We encourage candidates to make their accommodation needs known so that we can provide equitable opportunities.
About the job
Cardinal Health Canada, with over 1300 employees nationwide, is an essential link in the Canadian healthcare supply chain, providing over 70,000 products to healthcare facilities and medical professionals across the country.
This is a contract position for 12 months, with hybrid work model. The Data & Analytics Function oversees the analytics lifecycle to identify, analyze and present relevant insights that drive business decisions and anticipate opportunities to achieve a competitive advantage. This function manages analytic data platforms, the access, design and implementation of reporting/business intelligence solutions, and the application of advanced quantitative modeling.
Data Analytics applies business process knowledge and data analytics to develop, recommend and communicate timely, accurate, relevant and actionable insights to support business decisions and objectives.
For more information on what it is like to work for us, please watch this video: Cardinal Health - Wings
Responsibilities
Perform regular data management duties related to item merchandising, item cost changes and analysis, and other data maintenance as required
Develop cross-functional relationships with Business Intelligence, Supply Chain, Sales, Marketing and Application Services regarding the maintenance and workability of master data content
Provide ownership of the processes involved in master data maintenance and implement improvement strategies to standardize the approaches to these functions
Conduct data profiling and analysis to validate master data integrity and consistency
Develop and maintain monitoring procedures to alert respective data owners about data exceptions. Identify root causes for repeat errors and suggest process and/or system improvements
Create and maintain documentation necessary for master data governance. Educate organization on master data process changes and data management best practices
Qualifications
0-2 years of experience preferred 
BA, BS or equivalent experience in related field preferred
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills
Understanding of Master Data Principles
Strong MS Excel skills
Basic knowledge of SQL and relational databases
Strong communication and presentation skills
Ability to work independently and as part of a team
What is expected of you and others at this level
Applies basic concepts, principles and technical capabilities to perform routine tasks
Works on projects of limited scope and complexity
Follows established procedures to resolve readily identifiable technical problems
Works under direct supervision and receives detailed instructions
Develops competence by performing structured work assignments
Cardinal Health is committed to employment equity and encourages applications from women, visible minorities, Indigenous peoples and persons with disabilities.
Cardinal Health is committed to accommodating applicants with disabilities throughout the hiring process, in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). Our Human Resources team is responsible for working with applicants requesting accommodation at any stage of the hiring process.
""
Candidates who are back-to-work, people with disabilities, without a college degree, and Veterans are encouraged to apply.


Cardinal Health supports an inclusive workplace that values diversity of thought, experience and background. We celebrate the power of our differences to create better solutions for our customers by ensuring employees can be their authentic selves each day. Cardinal Health is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, pregnancy, veteran status, marital status, creed, status with regard to public assistance, genetic status or any other status protected by federal, state or local law.
About the job
Who We Are
Olympic Industries ULC is a leading international forest products trading company with our annual revenue exceeding $500 million. Our expertise includes the trading, importing/exporting, and manufacturing of forest products from the comfort of our office located in the heart of the vibrant and breathtaking Lonsdale Quay in North Vancouver, BC. 

Established in 1972, we have a strong record of success and a clear vision for our industry's sustainable future. With a team of over 65 individuals, we are proud to have a corporate culture that rewards hard work, entrepreneurship, and team collaboration.

 What We Offer
Salary Range $60,000 to $70,000 pending relevant experience. 
Work hard, play hard company culture.
Extended health benefits.
Employee Wellness Spending Account. 
Life insurance and Accidental Death & Dismemberment Insurance. 
Long-term disability insurance.
Employee assistance program. 
Educational assistance and scholarship programs.
Employee stock ownership plan.
Parental Leave Top Up. 
RRSP Contribution Plan.
On-site gym and showers.
On-site kitchen with a Nespresso coffee bar.
Easy access to the mountains and oceans.

 The Opportunity
Olympic Industries ULC is a leading forest products trading firm that leverages data-driven insights to make predictions and mitigate risk in our business. Join our dynamic team as a Data Analyst and become the driving force behind our data-driven success! You’ll lead statistical analysis on market data, actively contribute to cross-departmental meetings to optimize operations, construct and manage analytical models for real-time business insights, and play a pivotal role in automation projects.
 
 Specific Responsibilities
The Data Analyst will be responsible for the below, as well as other related duties as assigned to support the business objectives and purpose of the company:
Acting as the in-house expert on data analysis, documentation, and strategy implementation.
Performing statistical analysis on market data, such as regressions and variance analysis.
Participating in regular meetings with each department to assess and address issues to identify and implement improvements toward efficient operations.
Building and maintaining analytical models to provide a dynamic analysis of the business.
Preparing, analyzing, and summarizing various daily and monthly operational reports.
Assist in automation projects.
QA on data projects.
 
Who We’re Looking For
Degree or diploma in a related program such as Economics, Finance, Mathematics, Statistics, Data Science or Actuarial Science.
Minimum 1+ years of experience in a similar position.
2+ years of SQL programming skills.
1+ years of experience in Power BI.
1+ years of experience in Python programming.
Experience or knowledge in capital markets and commodity trading considered an asset.
Experience or knowledge in big data technologies and data engineering processes considered an asset.
Be familiar with MS SQL Server BI Stack tools and technologies, such Power Query, MDX, and DAX
 
Apply Now!
For more information on Olympic Industries, please visit our website at www.olympicind.com. To apply, please submit a resume to our job board at https://easyapply.co/a/5577e692-4880-477a-a6af-83d1a5bf7ca8 

We thank all applicants for their interest! However, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. At Olympic Industries, we embrace diversity and are committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, cultures, perspectives, skills, and experiences. As an equal opportunity employer, we encourage applications from all qualified individuals.
About the job
Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.

What You’ll Do

Work closely with the Capital Markets team to evaluate, structure and price consumer asset-backed transactions
Develop and enhance capital structuring and pricing models tailored to Affirm’s consumer loan portfolio to enable efficient deal execution
Build quantitative models to analyze and predict the performance of Affirm’s consumer loans
Provide insights on capital markets deals to cross-functional teams for more optimal and efficient funding strategy and merchant pricing
Partner cross-functionally with our Capital Markets, Treasury, Merchant Pricing, Credit, Commercial, Product and Engineering teams to evaluate funding, product, and business decisions

What We Look For

4+ years of relevant experience structuring asset-backed transactions, forecasting consumer loan performance, and/or building quantitative models
Experience with industry-standard tools such as Intex/Bloomberg and working with accountants, rating agencies, and internal/external partners
Experience with SQL, Python, or other scripting languages
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, and ability to collaborate and influence across different teams in the organization
A proactive leader that can seek out new opportunities, drive projects, navigate ambiguity and develop creative solutions with minimal guidance
Desire to understand the broader context of business decisions

Pay Grade - CAN29

Employees new to Affirm or promoted into a new role, typically begin in the min to mid range.

CAN Base Pay Range Per Year

Min: $105,300

Mid: $131,600

Max: $157,900

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.

Benefits

We’re extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include:

 Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
 Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses 
 Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge 
 ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount 

We believe It’s On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.

[For U.S. positions that could be performed in Los Angeles or San Francisco] Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, Affirm will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

By clicking "Submit Application," you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
About the job
Position Job Title: Junior Data Analyst
Location: Vancouver, BC (Hybrid)
Reports To: Business Intelligence Analyst
Application Requirement: Cover Letter

Primary Purpose
Under the guidance of the Business Intelligence Analyst, the Junior Data Analyst ensures the integrity of the university’s enrolment management data through monitoring accuracy and participating in initiatives aimed at both streamlining data entry processes and improving overall efficacy as well as providing resources and support as required for data-entry staff to perform their jobs effectively. Additionally, they support the preparation of reports, presentations, and other documents that communicate data findings to various stakeholders.

Specific Responsibilities
Ensure the accuracy of data in the student management system by conducting regular audits to clean data, fill gaps, and reduce data disparity.
Identify issues in data entry processes that lead to errors, collaborating with appropriate staff and/or supervisors to address resolutions in a timely manner.
Support data entry staff and/or supervisors with queries regarding system issues, reporting needs, and/or questions.
Support the development and revision of reporting processes for increased automation and efficacy.
Facilitate the preparation of data-driven reports from multiple systems, summarizing and preparing the visualization of data.

*This job description outlines the key responsibilities for the role and is not meant to be exhaustive. Other responsibilities and tasks may be assigned or may naturally become a part of this role over time.

Position Requirements
To be successful in the Junior Data Analyst position, the individual must be committed to developing, maintaining, and demonstrating the following:

Competencies:
Strong attention to detail, ensuring accuracy with decision-making and data records.
Efficient, effective, and dependable time management skills in order to multitask, with flexibility to handle changing priorities.
Demonstrated skills in cross-cultural communications and to relate both constructively and professionally with students, faculty, staff and external partners.
A high level of ethics, discretion, and tact.
An ability to work independently with minimal supervision.
Knowledge of concepts and processes related to higher education institutions.
Strong computer literacy, including full competency in Microsoft Office programs.

Education and experience:
Bachelor’s degree (preferably in a quantitative field such as Statistics, Mathematics, Computer Science, etc.) from a recognized post-secondary institution.
Experience in using MS Power BI (and/or other data analytical software) is preferable.
Or a combination of education and experience directly related and/or supportive to the duties and responsibilities.

To apply, please attach your cover letter and resume in a single PDF document to indicate how you are meeting the Education and Experience requirements.

We greatly appreciate your time and efforts in applying for the position at UCW, however, please note only successful candidates will be contacted.

University Canada West is strongly committed to equity, diversity and inclusivity within its community and especially welcomes applications from racialized persons / persons of colour, women, Indigenous / Aboriginal People of North America, persons with disabilities, LGBTQ2S+ persons and others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas.

The University recognizes that applicants may have had obligations outside of work that have negatively impacted their record of achievements (e.g., parental, elder care and/or medical). You are not required to disclose these obligations in the hiring process. If you choose to do so, the University will ensure that these obligations do not negatively impact the assessment of your qualifications for the position.

If you require any accommodations at any point during the application and hiring process, please include this note in your application.
About the job
Day-to-Day 
Insight Global is looking for a Sr. Data Business Analyst to join one of our clients locally in Vancouver. This is a permanent opportunity that would require you to work on-site 1x/week. The successful candidate will work closely alongside a Data Architect to analyze current business needs and assist in developing strategies for the data governance framework, policies and standards. In additional to the Data Architect, you will be working with data governance stakeholders and data stewards document data standards and help resolve gaps in the current data integrity. This will require you to work cross-functionally across the organization and act as a subject matter expert to ensure alignment between business units regarding data policy framework. You will also be expected to analyze the business needs by gathering requirements from different business groups/stakeholders and providing advice on best practices to pursue. Lastly, you will be expected to identify, elicit and document business requirements, define business rules and communicate requirements for the implementation of business solutions.
 Must Haves 
- 8+ years of experience in a Business Analyst capacity
- Employment history within the public sector
- Proven experience working within data governance strategy and implementation (information management, data governance, or records management)
- Development, documentation, and implementation of data quality policies, procedures and standards
- Ability to work cross functionally with large stakeholder groups
- Has acted as a SME to business partners in the past
- Experience gathering, analyzing, documenting and managing requirements
- Has lead planning sessions to implement business process improvements
 Plusses
- Has worked in a higher education environment
About the job
Renseignements généraux

Vous avez envie d’action ? De travailler au sein d’une équipe dynamique ? De participer à l’amélioration de la qualité de vie des Québécoises et des Québécois ? Saisissez cette occasion de mettre de l’avant votre implication et votre créativité afin de faire concrètement la différence. Le ministère des Transports et de la Mobilité durable (le Ministère) vous offre notamment un milieu de vie qui privilégie de nouvelles pratiques de gestion audacieuses et mieux adaptées aux réalités de la nouvelle génération. Grâce à l’approche Entreprise en santé, le Ministère est soucieux de la qualité de vie au travail de son personnel et désire offrir un milieu collaboratif, mobilisateur et respectueux, qui favorise la santé et le mieux-être des personnes. Laissez-vous transporter vers de nouveaux défis et joignez-vous au ministère des Transports et de la Mobilité durable !

Vous êtes à la recherche d’une opportunité exceptionnelle pour développer votre carrière et vous aimeriez contribuer à l’essor de l’intelligence artificielle dans le domaine des transports ? Rejoignez-nous aujourd’hui et faites partie d’une équipe passionnée qui écrira une nouvelle page de l’ère numérique!

 Analyste des données 

 Direction générale : Direction générale des ressources informationnelles et de la transformation numérique (DGRITN) 
 Direction générale adjointe : Direction générale adjointe de la gouvernance, de la sécurité informationnelle et de l’intelligence artificielle 
 Direction : Direction de la gouvernance des données et de l’intelligence artificielle (DGDIA) 
 Nombre d’emplois à pourvoir : 1 
 Statut de l’emploi : Régulier 
 Lieu de travail : 900 boulevard René-Lévesque Est, Québec* 
 Télétravail : en mode hybride 
 Horaire de travail : 35 heures par semaine 
 Date prévue d’entrée en fonction : Février 2024 
Étant un ministère qui œuvre partout sur le territoire et considérant la situation actuelle, nous avons l’opportunité de pourvoir cet emploi dans n’importe quelle région où il se trouve un bureau du ministère des Transports et la Mobilité durable

 Les défis que nous vous proposons 

La DGDIA est une toute nouvelle direction qui a la responsabilité de coordonner la gouvernance et la valorisation des données pour le Ministère et d’assurer le développement de l’automatisation et de l’intelligence artificielle aux différents secteurs d’affaires. Chez nous, vous trouverez un environnement de travail stimulant, des possibilités d’apprentissage en continu, une culture organisationnelle axée sur l’excellence et un climat de travail des plus agréables. Votre prochaine grande aventure professionnelle commence ici! En tant qu’analyste des données, vous serez responsable de la collecte, de l’analyse et de l’interprétation des données dans le contexte de projets d’intelligence artificielle. Dans votre rôle, vous aurez à :

 Analyser les besoins, les préoccupations, les enjeux et les problématiques de la gestion des données au Ministère ; 
 Définir, concevoir et mettre en place des mesures et des indicateurs liés à la gestion des données au Ministère ; 
 Tenir des registres précis des activités liées aux données, des méthodes utilisées et des résultats obtenus afin de garantir la reproductibilité et la transparence des travaux ; 
 Participer au choix des caractéristiques et variables les plus pertinentes à inclure dans les modèles afin d’améliorer les performances de l’intelligence artificielle ; 
 Promouvoir les bonnes pratiques, les normes et les standards au sein des solutions d’intelligence artificielle pour répondre au besoin de visualisation et de présentation de l’information ; 
 Garantir la qualité des résultats obtenus et contribuer à la certification des produits informationnels en soutenant la standardisation des méthodes d’exploitation des données ; 
 Assurer le lien de la gestion des données entre les secteurs d’affaires et les RI ; 
 Participer, en collaboration avec les ressources informationnelles, à la création des produits informationnels afin de permettre une utilisation conviviale et documenter les portées de ceux-ci. 

 Les avantages de travailler au ministère des Transports et de la Mobilité durable 

 Régime de retraite à prestations déterminées avantageux ; 
 Régime d’assurances collectives ; 
 20 jours de vacances après seulement un an de service et 13 jours fériés ; 
 Mesures de conciliation travail et vie personnelle ; 
 Horaire variable ; 
 Sécurité d’emploi ; 
 Programme d’aide aux employés (PAE) ; 
 Programme de soutien aux études ; 
 Service de formation et de développement au sein de l’organisation ; 
 Soutien financier à la pratique d’activités physiques. 

 Salaire annuel : 

51 776 $ à 90 110 $ selon l’expérience

L’échelle salariale peut être consultée sur le site Web du Secrétariat du Conseil du trésor . À l’embauche, l’échelon sera déterminé en fonction de l’expérience du candidat.

La rémunération est déterminée en fonction de la pertinence de votre scolarité et de vos expériences en lien avec l’emploi. Par conséquent, il est important de bien les détailler dans votre formulaire d’inscription qui servira de référence.

Profil recherché

 Les qualités que nous recherchons : 

 S’adapter facilement aux changements et aimer le travail en équipe ; 
 Faire preuve d’autonomie, de créativité et d’initiative ; 
 Démontrer un excellent sens de l’organisation et une grande rigueur ; 
 Posséder une excellente connaissance de la langue française parlée et écrite. 

 La personne recherchée doit satisfaire aux exigences de l’emploi : 

 Détenir un diplôme universitaire de premier cycle dans le domaine de l’informatique, de l’administration ou dans un domaine jugé pertinent dont l’obtention requiert un minimum de 90 crédits ou une attestation d’études pertinentes dont l’équivalence est reconnue par l’autorité compétente. 1 

La candidature d’une personne qui est en voie de terminer la dernière année de scolarité exigée pour l’obtention du diplôme requis pourrait être considérée.

Chaque année de scolarité manquante peut être compensée par une année de scolarité pertinente de niveau égal ou supérieur à celle exigée. Le diplôme exigé peut également être compensé par une maîtrise dans une discipline pertinente comportant un minimum de 45 crédits.

 Posséder au moins une (1) année d’expérience comme analyste des données. 
 Avoir une connaissance du français appropriée aux fonctions ; 
 Posséder la citoyenneté canadienne, le statut de résident permanent ou un permis de travail émis par l’autorité fédérale compétente pour occuper un emploi dans la fonction publique du Québec². 

 Autres éléments du profil recherché : 

 Connaitre l’environnement informationnel et l’intelligence d’affaires en soutien aux besoins stratégiques, tactiques et opérationnels ; 
 Connaitre les outils d’analyse et d’exploitation des données pour des fins de production d’information, notamment : SQL de Oracle, Oracle PL/SQL, PostegreSQL, Microsoft PowerPivot, Power BI, Oracle Discoverer, Python/R et SSRS ; 

Ce ou ces postes sont à pourvoir dans la ou les villes suivantes : Toutes les régions du Québec

Modalités d'inscription

 Période d’inscription :  Du 17 janvier au 4 février 2024 à 23 h 59.

L’inscription doit obligatoirement s’effectuer à l’aide du formulaire d’inscription en ligne. Pour soumettre votre candidature, vous devez cliquer sur « Poser ma candidature ». À noter que vous devez enregistrer votre dossier et cliquer sur le bouton « Soumettre » pour confirmer votre inscription au processus de sélection.

Pour plus d’informations sur la procédure à suivre, pour remplir et transmettre le formulaire d’inscription en ligne, consultez Processus de sélection | Gouvernement du Québec (quebec.ca)

 Veuillez noter qu’il est de votre responsabilité de fournir un dossier complet et détaillé. Il est important  de bien : 

 Détailler votre scolarité ; 
 Détailler vos expériences de travail, notamment en inscrivant votre emploi actuel et vos emplois antérieurs ; 
 Indiquer, à l’aide du menu déroulant de la section « Exigences et atouts », si vous détenez les exigences de l’emploi et atouts spécifiques indiqués à la section « Profil recherché » (si applicable). C’est notamment avec cette information que les candidatures répondant le mieux au profil recherché seront repérées. Lorsque vous aurez soumis votre candidature, les informations contenues dans le formulaire ne pourront plus être modifiées ; 
 Joindre toutes les pièces justificatives appuyant votre candidature. 

 Aucun curriculum vitae n’est accepté ni aucune candidature transmise par courriel. 

 Veuillez noter que seules les personnes retenues pour une entrevue seront contactées. 

 Des questions ? Nous y répondrons avec grand plaisir ! 

 Informations sur le processus de sélection 

Yoan Cyr – Conseiller en attraction des talents -

yoan.cyr@transports.gouv.qc.ca

 Informations sur les attributions de l’emploi 

Reine-Bernadette Youan, Directrice, DGDIA

reine-bernadette.youan@transports.gouv.qc.ca

 Informations sur les modalités d’inscription en ligne : 

Si vous éprouvez des difficultés à postuler en ligne ou si vous croyez nécessaire d’apporter des modifications à votre formulaire pendant la période d’inscription, vous pouvez communiquer avec le Centre d’assistance en dotation pour la région de Québec, au 418 528-7157, ou ailleurs au Québec, au numéro sans frais au 1 866 672-3460.

La fonction publique du Québec applique des mesures d’accès à l’égalité en emploi à l’intention des membres des minorités visibles, des membres des minorités ethniques, des personnes handicapées, des personnes autochtones et des femmes.

1- Pour être considérée, toute scolarité effectuée hors du Canada doit faire l’objet d’une évaluation comparative (attestation d’équivalence) délivrée par le ministère de l’Immigration, de la Francisation et de l’Intégration (MIFI).

2- Une personne en attente de la preuve de son statut de résident permanent ou d’un permis de travail peut soumettre sa candidature au présent processus de sélection. Toutefois, elle devra être autorisée à travailler légalement au Canada au moment de sa nomination.

 Apprends-en davantage sur nous : 

 FAIRE CARRIÈRE AU MINISTÈRE DES TRANSPORTS ET DE LA MOBILITÉ DURABLE 

Les défis à relever sont nombreux et stimulants. Intervenant de premier plan dans l’économie du Québec, le Ministère a pour mission et mandat d’assurer, sur l’ensemble de son territoire, la mobilité durable des personnes et des marchandises par des systèmes de transport efficaces et sécuritaires. Vaste organisation, le Ministère emploie plus de 8 500 personnes et gère 31 000 kilomètres de routes et 11 000 structures. Concrètement, le Ministère entretient, rend sécuritaires, conçoit et bâtit les vastes réseaux de transport maritime, ferroviaire, aérien et routier du Québec tout en innovant et en respectant l’environnement.

 LA DIRECTION DE LA GOUVERNANCE DES DONNÉES ET DE L’INTELLIGENCE ARTIFICIELLE (DVGDIA) 

La DGDIA conseille la haute direction et les utilisateurs sur l’utilisation optimale des données et des technologies d’IA. Son mandat est de développer, améliorer, entretenir et exploiter les technologies de l’information liées aux données et à l’IA pour soutenir la mission du Ministère et répondre à ses besoins. La direction élabore et promeut des normes, politiques et directives pour l’automatisation et l’utilisation responsable de l’IA, veillant à l’intégrité et à la sécurité des données. Elle encourage l’innovation en promouvant l’adoption de nouvelles technologies et en favorisant l’échange d’idées. Elle assure un rôle de surveillance pour s’assurer que l’utilisation des données et de l’IA respecte les lois et politiques en vigueur, établissant des mécanismes de contrôle et de vérification.

Visitez notre site Web Emplois au Quebec.ca/emplois-transports
About the job
Ministry of Agriculture and Food
Multiple Locations (Hybrid)

 Data Analysis and Knowledge Mobilization Officer
$80,652.20 - $91,992.70 annually

The Office of the Chief Veterinarian (OCV) provides leadership for animal health policy and programming, One Health and One Welfare in British Columbia. The OCV collaborates with provincial ministries, the federal government, animal owners and veterinary professionals to build resilient animal health systems for British Columbia. OCV staff are also responsible for provincial dairy, apiary, game farm, fur farm and veterinary drug outlet licensing and inspections.

The Data Analysis and Knowledge Mobilization Officer is the expert for a ministry, sector or enterprise for large-scale, complex projects and will provide expert advice to senior staff and lead multiple project teams as well as ongoing operational leadership for cross-government application services.

Qualifications for this role include:

Graduate training to a Master or PhD level in bioinformatics/biostatistics, epidemiology, data science, computer science, GIS, statistics, mathematics, or other relevant specialty field as designated by program requirement, and one (1) year related experience; OR
Bachelor’s Degree in bioinformatics/biostatistics, epidemiology, data science, computer science, GIS, statistics, mathematics, or other relevant specialty field as designated by program requirement, and three (3) years related experience; OR
Diploma in data science, computer science, GIS, statistics, mathematics, or other relevant specialty field as designated by program requirements, and four (4) years related experience; OR
Certification from a recognized institution in a related field and five years of related experience; OR
An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered.

Related experience must include a minimum of two (2) of the following:

Experience at leveraging structured and unstructured data sources to conduct quantitative analysis.
Experience determining appropriate use of various problem structuring methods and statistical methods for sampling, distribution assessment, bias, and error. 
Experience and familiarity with machine learning, clustering, and classification techniques to analyze diverse sources of data.
Experience creating and delivering executive-level presentations for the purpose of decision making.

For more information and to apply online by February 15, 2024, please go to: https://bcpublicservice.hua.hrsmart.com/hr/ats/Posting/view/109113
About the job
Focused on developing products and services for the digital assets sector, Bullish has rewired the traditional exchange to benefit asset holders, enable traders and increase market integrity. Supported by the group’s treasury, Bullish’s new breed of exchange combines deep liquidity, automated market making and industry-leading security and compliance to increase the accessibility of digital assets for investors. Bullish exchange is operated by Bullish (GI) Limited and is fully regulated in Gibraltar.

Mission: To build technology and tools that make earning, investing and transacting more rewarding.

Vision: A world where everyone is empowered to create a better financial future.


Please note this position will be based in Cayman Islands.


Reports to:
Chief Strategy Officer


We are seeking a passionate and experienced Quantitative Researcher to join the team.

As a Quantitative Researcher, you will work with the Chief Strategy Officer and support the wider team. You will play a vital role in the development and the continuous improvement of quantitative models.

This position is an excellent opportunity for someone with an analytical spirit that is passionate about building innovative products, specifically in the digital asset trading space, and what cryptocurrencies and blockchain can do for the financial services industry as a whole.


Responsibilities:
Conduct research and analysis: Perform in-depth research and analysis of market structure, digital asset data, order flow, and other relevant factors to identify patterns, trends, and insights.
Understand and build reporting and performance evaluation of current algorithms: Translate complex quantitative research and models into easily understandable explanations for non-mathematically trained stakeholders.
Develop quantitative models: Design and implement sophisticated quantitative models and algorithms to evaluate and predict market behavior, liquidity dynamics, price impact, risk management dynamics and other key variables in the digital asset markets.
Data analysis and visualization: Utilize advanced statistical techniques and data visualization tools to analyze large datasets and communicate complex information to both technical and non-technical stakeholders effectively.
Stay updated with industry trends: Monitor and keep up-to-date with the latest advancements in the digital asset / blockchain / machine learning ecosystem. Identify emerging opportunities and refine existing strategies.
Read and comprehend academic papers: Stay abreast of the latest academic research and industry publications in the field of digital assets and related areas. Analyze and understand complex mathematical models and concepts presented in these papers.
Other duties as assigned.


Qualifications:
Advanced degree in a quantitative field such as Quantitative Finance, Mathematics, Computer Science, Physics or related disciplines.
Proven experience in quantitative research and analysis working alongside a trading team, preferably in the field of digital assets and/or financial services.
Experience trading cryptocurrency derivatives and/or writing trading strategies for digital assets, including automated trading over API.
Experience working with: python, SQL, BigQuery, Postgres, GCP.
Strong knowledge of financial markets, derivatives, and risk management. Proficiency in statistical modeling and data analysis techniques, including regression analysis, machine learning, backtesting, and monte carlo simulation methods.
Comfortable working in a dynamic organization where priorities can change frequently.
Strong communication skills, with the ability to effectively present complex concepts and findings to both technical and non-technical audiences.


Extra Points:
You bring a problem solving mindset to the table at all times! No problem is too big.
In depth knowledge of blockchain technology, cryptocurrencies, automated market makers (AMMs) and digital asset exchanges (CEX and DEX).
Experience in portfolio risk modeling and/or structured product pricing.
Passion for the digital asset industry, a proactive approach to learning, and a keen interest in staying up-to-date with the latest trends and developments.




Bullish is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We are fast evolving and striving towards being a globally-diverse community. With integrity at our core, our success is driven by a talented team of individuals and the different perspectives they are encouraged to bring to work every day.
About the job
We require all our head office associates to be proficient in French, spoken and written.

Position is REMOTE : The selected candidate must reside within 250 km of our BOUCHERVILLE (Qc) office.

You’ve got the talent? We’ve got the tools! Here, your work and ideas will contribute to building a flourishing organization. Your voice will always be heard and valued. You’ll find career opportunities that live up to your ambitions and be able to further develop your unique set of skills.

So if you’re looking to do what you love, we could be perfect for each other.

Your role

Identify, evaluate, document and validate technical, functional and business needs in order to make improvements to existing computer systems, in order to implement a new solution that better meets the needs of the organization.
Document and execute the various tests (unit, functional, automated) that will validate the quality and proper functioning of a program
Work with internal development teams as well as external partners.
Experience in BI
Understand the software development cycle, be able to write scripts and be able to review the solutions implemented by other developers in order to identify bugs
Must have good analytical and communication skills
Must also be organized, meticulous, rigorous, and be able to write documentation.
 Also demonstrate some creative spirit
Support and contribute to project management activities by participating in defining and estimating project effort, identifying risks and recommending mitigation measures, communicating the status of the project activity and timely notification and escalation of possible issues/problems to the Project Manager
Support collaboration with key stakeholders to determine solutions, assess impact on existing work processes and systems and how to manage integration
Maintain continuous communication with all stakeholders throughout the project lifecycle
Manage own workload to deliver quality results and meet deadlines
Able to assess the appropriate level of priority and detail and/or effort on a given project.
Demonstrate effective problem-solving skills.
Availability to do support outside of Open Hours.

The Qualifications We Are Looking For

SQL Server / SQL Language
Knowledge of Oracle (SQL and PLSQL)
Knowledge of PowerBI and any other reporting software (MicroStrategy an asset)
Azure Analysis Services / Visual Studio (Microsoft Analysis Service Project)
Relational Database Management Systems (knowledge of relational model principles
Advanced knowledge of PowerBI (including Power Query and DAX as well as Tabular Model Scripting Language) for both data model creation and reporting.
Knowledge of Tabular Editor and DAX Studio an asset
Advanced knowledge of SQL Server and SQL language, as well as a good understanding of relational modeling principles
Advanced knowledge of Excel and VBA, Access an asset
Knowledge of Progress OpenEdge (SQL) an asset
Knowledge of other reporting software (MicroStrategy an asset)
Creative, imaginative and curious with a great DIY mentality, along with self-learning interest
Good knowledge of the business and ability to understand users’ needs and problems; commercial finance understanding.
Problem-solving and critical thinking skills
Self-motivated, proactive and autonomous
Good organization and time management skills, easily adapting to changing priorities and ability to cope with deadline pressure
Ability to work directly with clients

By joining the RONA family, you’ll enjoy many benefits, such as:

A fitness centre, sports activities, and showers
A childcare centre that can accommodate up to 78 children
A cafeteria with a delicious menu prepared by a dedicated chef, healthy options, as well as FARO Roasting Houses and Tim Hortons coffee stations
Exclusive employee discounts, plus a 10% discount on store merchandise (at all RONA Inc. locations)
Benefits: retirement savings plan, annual bonuses, student incentive program, etc.
Electric car charging stations
Career growth opportunities within the company
An inclusive and safe working environment
Promotion of work-life balance
An employer that’s involved in the community
And much more!

The masculine generic is used without discrimination and only in order to simplify the text. RONA is committed to encouraging diversity and inclusion. We are pleased to consider applications from all qualified candidates, regardless of race, colour, religion, sexual orientation, gender, nationality, age, disability, or any other status protected by law.
About the job
About Agoda

Agoda is an online travel booking platform for accommodations, flights, and more. We build and deploy cutting-edge technology that connects travelers with more than 3.6 million accommodations globally. Based in Asia and part of Booking Holdings, our 6,000+ employees representing 90+ nationalities foster a work environment rich in diversity, creativity, and collaboration. We innovate through a culture of experimentation and ownership, enhancing the ability for our customers to experience the world.

THIS ROLE IS BASED IN BANGKOK, THAILAND (WITH RELOCATION PROVIDED)

Location: Bangkok, Thailand (*Not open for remote work.)

Get to Know our Team:

As part of the Supply Analytics, you will be responsible for identifying new partners and opportunities, cultivating a relationship with them, and working together with them to deliver the best outcome for our end customers. You would also be responsible with managing the day-to-day interaction with the partner and working closely with other teams within Agoda to ensure the partners needs are met.

We design tailored business and product solutions with our partners and help them generate measurable value. Members of our team are empowered and supported to grow their market(s) or accounts. We develop win-win relationships and leverage Agoda’s unique accommodations portfolio and tech solutions to bring our partners the advantages they seek. Utilizing our strong brand and resources, we build new channels to increase the visibility of Agoda, introduce more travelers to our great products and service and deliver significant revenues to the overall business.

The Opportunity: 

As an Analyst/Senior Analyst, you will report directly to either the Senior Manager or Associate Director within the Supply Department and this will be an individual contributor role. You will be responsible and fully empowered to work with the partners on the ground. You will be supported by a team within the Supply department and work closely with other Team members within Agoda.

In this Role, you’ll get to:

Translate internal briefs into analytical projects (to include refining the initial brief and asking the ‘right questions’, working through potential hypotheses and storyboarding the output)
Use and analyze data from multiple large-scale data warehouses and present statistically strong analysis to a wide range of business stakeholders
Proactively identify opportunities for growth within supply and the wider business
Drive new analytical initiatives and projects aimed at improving organizational efficiency and shaping Agoda supply
Identify, support, and lead projects aimed at scaling up the way the Supply organization leverages on data, insights, and intelligence
Automate manual operational processes and present back on time savings gained through modernization of business operations

What you’ll Need to Succeed:

At least 3-5+ years of experience working as an Analyst with experience in analytics/data science/insights/strategy/BI
Advanced working knowledge and hands-on experience in SQL
Strong knowledge and hands-on experience in data visualization tools such as Tableau (preferably) 
Expert domain of data analysis and data visualization tools and software such as Excel, Python (or R)
Bachelor’s degree ideally in a business or quantitative subject (e.g. computer science, mathematics, engineering, science, economics or finance)
A good understanding of statistical modelling knowledge or any machine learning technique knowledge (such as hypothesis testing, regression, logistic regression, random forest, etc.)
Good stakeholder management experience. Comfortable presenting to senior leadership and C-suite
Experience in conducting A/B testing experimentation
Strong experience in finding data insights and provide business recommendation to the business
A hacker’s mindset – the ability to build simple but clever and elegant solutions to new problems within significant resource, operational and time constraints through deep understanding of the business, creative problem solving, and a wide range of expertise in data, analytics, automation, programming, and prototyping
Excellent communicator with superior written, verbal, presentation and interpersonal communication skills
Data driven in both decision making and performance measurement
Extreme comfort in ambiguous, fast-paced environment
Ability to multi-task, prioritize and coordinate resources

It’s Great if you Have: 

MBA or Masters in a quantitative subject (e.g. computer science, mathematics, engineering, science, economics or finance)
Program management certifications (e.g. PMI, PRINCE2) to compliment your program management experience
Asian market experience
Travel industry / e-commerce / tech / consulting experience

#sanfrancisco #sanjose #losangeles #sandiego #oakland #denver #miami #orlando #atlanta #chicago #boston #detroit #newyork #portland #philadelphia #dallas #houston #austin #seattle #washdc #tirana #yerevan #sydney #melbourne #perth #vienna #graz #baku #minsk #brussels #antwerp #ghent #charleroi #saopaolo #sofia #toronto #vancouver #montreal #shanghai #beijing #shenzhen #zagreb #cyprus #prague #Brno #Ostrava #copenhagen #cairo #alexandria #giza #estonia #helsinki #paris #nice #marseille #rouen #lyon #toulouse #tbilisi #berlin #munich #hamburg #stuttgart #cologne #frankfurt #dusseldorf #dortmund #essen #Bremen #leipzig #dresden #hanover #nuremberg #athens #hongkong #budapest #bangalore #newdelhi #jakarta #bali #bandung #dublin #telaviv #milan #rome #naples #turin #palermo #venice #bologna #florence #tokyo #osaka #yokohama #nagoya #okinawa #fukuoka #sapporo #amman #irbid #riga #beirut #tripoli #vilnius #luxembourg #kualalumpur #malta #chisinau #amsterdam #oslo #jerusalem #manila #warsaw #krakow #sintra #porto #braga #cascais #loures #amadora #almada #doha #alrayyan #bucharest #moscow #saintpetersburg #riyadh #jeddah #mecca #medina #belgrade #singapore #bratislava #capetown #johannesburg #seoul #barcelona #madrid #valencia #seville #bilbao #malaga #oviedo #alicante #laspalmas #zaragozbanga #stockholm #zurich #geneva #basel #taipei #tainan #taichung #kaohsiung #Phuket #bangkok #istanbul #ankara #izmir #dubai #abudhabi #sharjah #london #manchester #edinburgh #kiev #hcmc #hanoi #sanaa #taiz #aden #gibraltar #marrakech #lodz #wroclaw #poznan #Gdansk #szczecin #bydgoszcz #lublin #katowice #rio #salvador #fortaleza #brasilia #belo #belem #manaus #curitiba #portoalegre #saoluis

Equal Opportunity Employer 

At Agoda, we pride ourselves on being a company represented by people of all different backgrounds and orientations. We prioritize attracting diverse talent and cultivating an inclusive environment that encourages collaboration and innovation. Employment at Agoda is based solely on a person’s merit and qualifications. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity regardless of sex, age, race, color, national origin, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, citizenship, veteran or military status, and other legally protected characteristics.

We will keep your application on file so that we can consider you for future vacancies and you can always ask to have your details removed from the file. For more details please read our privacy policy .

To all recruitment agencies: Agoda does not accept third party resumes. Please do not send resumes to our jobs alias, Agoda employees or any other organization location. Agoda is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
About the job
We believe communication belongs to everyone. We exist to democratize phone service. TextNow is evolving the way the world connects and that's because we're made up of people with curious minds who bring an optimistic, yet critical lens into the work we do. We're the largest provider of free phone service in the nation. And we're just getting started.

Join us in our mission to break down barriers to communication and free the flow of conversation for people everywhere.

TextNow is looking for an experienced Senior Data Analyst to fuel the next stage of our growth. This person will work closely with stakeholders in the Growth organization to deliver deep, actionable insights in a timely manner. These insights will serve as decision-making tools for cross-functional leaders, ultimately accelerating decision quality at TextNow.

This role sits on the Business Analytics team. The mission of our team is to deliver timely and trustworthy insights that enhance clarity and instill confidence. This role will report to the Senior Manager of Business Analytics.

What You’ll Do

Be a strong partner to cross-functional teams in understanding new and existing product offering, and recommend the right metrics to measure performance
Provide cross-functional teams visibility into key business KPIs and metrics by developing and presenting reports and dashboards
Independently conduct analyses using rigorous analytic methods and build recommendations that drive decision making and business prioritization
 Execute upon experimentation roadmaps by implement experiments and tests, monitoring results and presenting recommendations
Generate and share actionable insights with Director+ level leadership via written artifacts such as decks and memos, and verbally in forums such as weekly standup meetings

Who You Are

BA/BS in a quantitative discipline like Math, Computer Science, Economics, Engineering or Analytics required. MS in Business Analytics highly preferred.
3+ years of hands-on experience in business and/or product analytics, working with large, multi-dimensional datasets, preferably at fast-growing tech companies
Exceptional communication skills, both verbal and written
 Skilled in extracting and transforming data from Snowflake warehouse using SQL
Hands-on experience in designing, building, operating, and maintaining Tableau dashboards
Knowledge of using web analytics tools such as Google Analytics.
Knowledge of experimentation (A/B tests, geo tests etc.) and basic statistics (e.g hypothesis testing) required. Knowledge of commonly used analytic methods such as regression, decision trees and forecasting is highly preferred.
Experience in and ability to play “trusted advisor” to senior and executive leadership and help make change happen.
Fast learner. Being a fast learner also means the ability to admit defeat, ask for help and iterate quickly so you can learn from your mistakes and move ahead.
Respectfully candid with the ability to collaborate with multiple stakeholders as well as peers on the data team
Resourceful and scrappy with the ability to deliver insights to the right teams in a timely manner.

More About TextNow...

Our Values: 

 People First (Make business decisions by putting people first!)
 No Brilliant Jerks (We're cool with the brilliant part, with the jerk part? not so much)
 Give a Damn! (We care about our work, our mission and our customers)
 Challenge Accepted (Show up with a positive can-do attitude)

Benefits, Culture, & More

 Strong work life blend
 Flexible work arrangements (wfh, remote, or access to one of our office spaces)
 Employee Stock Options
 Unlimited vacation
 Competitive pay and benefits
 Parental leave
 Benefits for both physical and mental well being (wellness credit and L&D credit)
 We travel a few times a year for various team events, company wide off-sites, and more

Diversity And Inclusion

At TextNow, our mission is built around inclusion and offering a service for EVERYONE, in an industry that traditionally only caters to the few who have the means to afford it. We believe that diversity of thought and inclusion of others promotes a greater feeling of belonging and higher levels of engagement. We know that if we work together, we can do amazing things, and that our differences are what make our product and company great. 

 TextNow Candidate Policy 

 By submitting an application to TextNow, you agree to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with the TextNow Candidate Policy
About the job
Who are we?

Equinix is the world’s digital infrastructure company®, operating over 250 data centers across the globe. Digital leaders harness Equinix's trusted platform to bring together and interconnect foundational infrastructure at software speed. Equinix enables organizations to access all the right places, partners and possibilities to scale with agility, speed the launch of digital services, deliver world-class experiences and multiply their value, while supporting their sustainability goals.

A career at Equinix means you will collaborate on work that impacts the world and be surrounded by endless opportunities to learn new skills and grow in varied directions. We embrace diversity in thought and contribution and are committed to providing an equitable work environment that is foundational to our core values as a company and is vital to our success. 

Sustainability Analytics Senior Analyst

Equinix is the world’s digital infrastructure company, operating 250 data centers across the globe and providing interconnections to all the key clouds and networks. Businesses need one place to simplify and bring together fragmented, complex infrastructure that spans private and public cloud environments. Our global platform allows customers to place infrastructure wherever they need it and connect it to everything they need to succeed.

We are a fast-growing global company with 20+ years of continuous growth. Through our innovative portfolio of high-performance products and services, we have created the largest, most active global ecosystem of 10,000+ companies, including 2,000+ networks and 3,000+ cloud and IT service providers in 32 countries spanning six continents.

A career at Equinix means you will collaborate on work that impacts the world and be surrounded by endless opportunities to learn new skills and grow in varied directions. We embrace diversity in thought and contribution and are committed to providing an equitable work environment that is foundational to our core values as a company and is vital to our success.

Job Summary

The focus of the role is to lead the development, aggregation, and documentation of business logic and calculation methodologies for sustainability data across the organization. This individual will sit within the Sustainability Program Office (SPO) and will work cross-functionally to develop internal requirements for the sustainability data lake, create data models for managing the corporate GHG inventory, and partner with the product team to define the logic for allocation of environmental data flows (carbon, water, etc) to customers. Candidates will be familiar with agile & sprint project management, ELT (extract, transform, load) pipelines, working in structured and non-structured data bases, as well as have experience with Power BI & Tableau.

Responsibilities

Responsible for developing & documenting business logic and calculation methodologies for sustainability and environmental data 
Cross-functionally collaborate with the product development team to create an organization-wide data lake for sustainability and environmental data 
Own prioritization and pipelines for data configuration & modeling 
Define and document requirements for environmental sustainability dashboard creation 
Drive customer support sustainability data issues to resolution 
Support the creation of feature validation test cases for sustainability products 
Partner with customer-facing teams, the SPO, Business Development, and Marketing to translate future customer sustainability data requirements into product features 
Expectation to grow into an expert on data center, real estate and technology-related sustainability topics including deep expertise in technical sustainability concepts relevant to Equinix’s industry 

Qualifications

1+ years of experience in sustainability 
3+ years of experience in data science, analytics, or product 
2+ years of experience with Power BI & Tableau preferred but not required 
Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in environmental science, statistics, mathematics, accounting, data science, or relevant STEM discipline required 
Master’s or MBA preferred but not required 
Familiar with ETL (extract, transform, load) pipelines and working with both structured and non-structured datasets 
Strong attention to detail and the ability to translate complex sustainability topics to a broad range of audiences 
Working knowledge of sustainability programs specific to energy, environment and emissions (e.g. CDP, GRI, The Greenhouse Gas Protocol, Science-based Targets Initiative, etc.) 
Demonstrated ability to manage multiple work streams with competing and sometimes urgent deadlines and experience influencing upwards to keep programs and projects moving 
Communicate clearly and effectively: verbally, in writing and through presentations; successfully interfacing with internal and external constituents

Equinix is an Equal Employment Opportunity and, in the U.S., an Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to unlawful consideration of race, color, religion, creed, national or ethnic origin, ancestry, place of birth, citizenship, sex, pregnancy / childbirth or related medical conditions, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, marital or domestic partnership status, age, veteran or military status, physical or mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, political / organizational affiliation, status as a victim or family member of a victim of crime or abuse, or any other status protected by applicable law.

The targeted pay range for this position in the following location is / locations are:

California (Non-SF/Bay Area), Connecticut, Maryland, New York, New Jersey, Washington state: $82,000 to $130,000 per year

Our pay ranges reflect the minimum and maximum target for new hire pay for the full-time position determined by role, level, and location. Individual pay is based on additional factors including job-related skills, experience, and relevant education and/or training.

This position may be offered in other locations. Your recruiter can share more about the specific pay range for your preferred location during the hiring process.

The targeted pay range listed reflects the base pay only and does not include bonus, equity, or benefits. Employees are eligible for bonus, and equity may be offered depending on the position.

As an employee, you become important to Equinix’s success. Details about our company benefits can be found at the following link:

USA Benefits eBook
About the job
Job Type: Permanent

Reference code: 124887

Primary Location: Toronto, ON

All Available Locations: Toronto, ON; Calgary, AB; Halifax, NS; Ottawa, ON; Vancouver, BC; Victoria, BC

Our Purpose

At Deloitte, we are driven to inspire and help our people, organization, communities, and country to thrive. Our Purpose is to build a better future by accelerating and expanding access to knowledge. Purpose defines who we are and gives us reason to exist as an organization.

By living our Purpose, we will make an impact that matters.

Enjoy flexible, proactive, and practical benefits that foster a culture of well-being and connectedness.
Experience a firm where wellness matters.
Be expected to share your ideas and to make them a reality.


What will your typical day look like?

The role of Global People Analytics within Global Talent supports and/or leads projects as identified. The current portfolio is varied and changes often. The individual will identify data-driven insights for an executive audience, support experimental research for developing people analytics methodologies, and have experience conducting advanced data modeling and developing analytics solutions.

As part of the Global Talent team you will:

Manage the development and execution of advanced people analytics and data visualization in support of global, member firm or global business initiatives as needed, including strategic priorities
Support the design, development, and delivery of research experiments from planning, collecting, analyzing, and interpreting results
Develop compelling, logically structured, actionable data driven insights (including storytelling of research/analytics findings) for all audience levels, including Executives
Maintain and coordinate data collection, transfer, storage, analysis, and retention processes
Support the governance, execution, and coordination of data-driven strategic projects, analyses, and visualizations for Global Talent, and liaise with Deloitte Technology and Global Finance
Assist with preparation of deliverables (e.g., meeting agendas, presentations, summary/notes, etc.) for key project meetings (e.g. Deloitte People Analytics community) or Global Talent meetings (e.g., Executive Leadership Team) and leadership communications
Support management of ongoing relationship with key stakeholders associated with project and priorities
Collaborate on the development of tools and technology to support people analytics and the application of behavioral science
Support knowledge sharing across member firms and global businesses, including the delivery of special initiatives (e.g., working groups with MF stakeholders, developing internal points of view on talent topics, timely support on global issues like COVID-19)
Stay informed on new research and techniques related to people/HR analytics that could be applied to Global Talent priority areas
Future responsibilities could shift to other projects. If so, the underlying responsibilities would be similar, yet the topic area would change.

About The Team

Global Talent supports our high-performing and diverse professionals around the world. We engage with our business units to promote growth and development of our people toward their individual professional and personal advancement while ensuring a balance of career and life goals.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you

University degree required. Master’s degree a plus.
Experience working in a large, multinational organization, preferably in the Consulting or HR/Talent function for a professional services firm. Multiple years working at global professional services firm, especially in consulting or human capital consulting would be beneficial experience for this role.
Analytical experience in an applied setting – preferable in people analytics – including an understanding of data strategy and associated governance programs
Familiarity with basic talent strategy, processes, concepts, data, technology, and trends(including promotions, hiring, attrition, compensation/total rewards)
Experience interpreting and understanding key talent challenges, and advising on data-driven actions to investigate and remediate those challenges
Managing projects, team members and stakeholders, including the ability to partner, engage and/or direct individuals across different levels from executives to peers
Significant experience building relationships with and prioritizing work from a diverse group of stakeholders
Advanced skills working with PowerPoint, with proficiency in Word and Excel

Other:

Experience using or working knowledge of R, Python, and Tableau desired
Flexibility in working hours in order to work with global clients
Knowledge of standard talent activities and processes
Experience participating in large, virtual global project teams; Prior experience working on global or multinational projects preferred

Total Rewards

The salary range for this position is $58,000 - $114,000, and individuals may be eligible to participate in our bonus program. Deloitte is fair and competitive when it comes to the salaries of our people. We regularly benchmark across a variety of positions, industries, sectors, targets, and levels. Our approach is grounded on recognizing people's unique strengths and contributions and rewarding the value that they deliver.

Our Total Rewards Package extends well beyond traditional compensation and benefit programs and is designed to recognize employee contributions, encourage personal wellness, and support firm growth. Along with a competitive base salary and variable pay opportunities, we offer a wide array of initiatives that differentiate us as a people-first organization. Some representative examples include: $4,000 per year for mental health support benefits, a $1,300 flexible benefit spending account, 38+ days off (including 10 firm-wide closures known as "Deloitte Days"), flexible work arrangements and a hybrid work structure.

Our promise to our people: Deloitte is where potential comes to life.

Be yourself, and more.

We are a group of talented people who want to learn, gain experience, and develop skills. Wherever you are in your career, we want you to advance.

You Shape How We Make Impact.

Diverse perspectives and life experiences make us better. Whoever you are and wherever you’re from, we want you to feel like you belong here. We provide flexible working options to support you and how you can contribute. Be the leader you want to be.

Be the leader you want to be 

Some guide teams, some change culture, some build essential expertise. We offer opportunities and experiences that support your continuing growth as a leader.

Have as many careers as you want.

We are uniquely able to offer you new challenges and roles – and prepare you for them. We bring together people with unique experiences and talents, and we are the place to develop a lasting network of friends, peers, and mentors. Our TVP is about relationships – between leaders and their people, the firm and its people, peers, and within in our communities.

The next step is yours

At Deloitte, we are all about doing business inclusively – that starts with having diverse colleagues of all abilities. Deloitte encourages applications from all qualified candidates who represent the full diversity of communities across Canada. This includes, but is not limited to, people with disabilities, candidates from Indigenous communities, and candidates from the Black community in support of living our values, creating a culture of Diversity Equity and Inclusion and our commitment to our AccessAbility Action Plan , Reconciliation Action Plan and the BlackNorth Initiative .

We encourage you to connect with us at accessiblecareers@deloitte.ca if you require an accommodation for the recruitment process (including alternate formats of materials, accessible meeting rooms or other accommodations) or indigenouscareers@deloitte.ca for any questions relating to careers for Indigenous peoples at Deloitte (First Nations, Inuit, Métis).

By applying to this job you will be assessed against the Deloitte Global Talent Standards. We’ve designed these standards to provide our clients with a consistent and exceptional Deloitte experience globally.

Deloitte Canada has 30 offices with representation across most of the country. We acknowledge our offices reside on traditional, treaty and unceded territories as part of Turtle Island and is still home to many First Nations, Métis, and Inuit peoples. We are all Treaty people.
About the job
You are as unique as your background, experience and point of view. Here, you’ll be encouraged, empowered and challenged to be your best self. You'll work with dynamic colleagues - experts in their fields - who are eager to share their knowledge with you. Your leaders will inspire and help you reach your potential and soar to new heights. Every day, you'll have new and exciting opportunities to make life brighter for our Clients - who are at the heart of everything we do. Discover how you can make a difference in the lives of individuals, families and communities around the world.

Job Description:

Role Summary

Reporting to the Director, Data & Analytics (Insurance Solutions), the Business Intelligence Specialist will join a team of data scientists, data engineers, and analysts responsible for delivering data and analytical tools to support Sun Life’s individual insurance business in Canada.

The successful candidate will have a front row seat in shaping Sun Life Canada’s business intelligence capabilities, leading various analytics initiatives, and delivering innovative solutions to colleagues across product management, insurance distribution, actuarial, and innovation.

Insurance Solutions is one of the largest business units within Sun Life Canada, accounting for approximately 15% of worldwide earnings. We manufacture and distribute leading-edge life and health insurance products to over two million individual customers.

This is a one year contract role that offers partial benefits and vacation.

What will you do?

Design and Visualization

Design and facilitate workshops to understand user needs, set business requirements, and test BI dashboard designs with users
Translate user needs into compelling BI dashboard designs utilizing best practices in infographic design and aligned with Sun Life design language
Illustrate alternative concepts by mocking up sketches or wireframes with consistent and professional layout and visual; rapidly iterate and develop final versions

Data, Technology, and Tools

Develop metrics and KPIs to measure the performance of analytical and data products in the overall portfolio.
Responsible for improving the quality and management of data assets across distribution, finance, actuarial, product domains
Partner with different partners in the team, business, and IT to evolve data foundation and technology stack for Insurance Solutions
Assist in the migration of all of BI and Insights data foundation to the Enterprise Data Lake

Project and Relationship Management

Build and maintain strong working relationships with the Distribution, Pricing, Operations and IT partners to ensure delivery of initiatives within the area.
Design and deliver end-user training and training materials; provide technical support as necessary
Perform voice of the customer (VOC) feedback analysis to gain insights, take actions and improve.

What will you need to succeed?

4+ years of experience in data analytics with a focus on business intelligence
3+ years of experience and strong understanding of best practices in data visualization and dashboard design
4+ years of experience in Data Visualization tools, atleast 2 years working with Tableau
2+ years of experience with data querying languages (SQL)and techniques, analysis tools, data sources and structures
Excellent verbal and written communication, interpersonal and teamwork skills
Experience in insurance and financial service industry is an asset, but not required
Knowledge in one or more programming languages (Python/R)
Education background in math/UI design/statistics/financial engineering/data analytics

What is in it for you?

Competitive salary influenced by market range data
A friendly, collaborative and inclusive culture
Being part of our Analytics community, where we share best practices and broaden skill-sets

The Base Pay range is for the primary location for which the job is posted. It may vary depending on the work location of the successful candidate or other factors. In addition to Base Pay, eligible Sun Life employees participate in various incentive plans, payment under which is discretionary and subject to individual and company performance. Certain sales focused roles have sales incentive plans based on individual or group sales results.

Diversity and inclusion have always been at the core of our values at Sun Life. A diverse workforce with wide perspectives and creative ideas benefits our clients, the communities where we operate and all of us as colleagues. We welcome applications from qualified individuals from all backgrounds.

Persons with disabilities who need accommodation in the application process or those needing job postings in an alternative format may e-mail a request to thebrightside@sunlife.com.

At Sun Life we strive to create a flexible work environment where our employees are empowered to do their best work. Several flexible work options are available and can be discussed throughout the selection process depending on the role requirements and individual needs.

We thank all applicants for showing an interest in this position. Only those selected for an interview will be contacted.

Salary Range:

76,000/76 000 - 125,000/125 000

Job Category:

Advanced Analytics

Posting End Date:

04/02/2024
About the job
Trace la courbe de ta carrière dans l'équipe Innovation

Nous offrons un accompagnement technologique et des services techniques aux entreprises québécoises qui leur permettent d’innover et d’augmenter leur productivité de façon intelligente et durable. De plus, nos conseillers industriels accompagnent les entreprises dans l’identification et la priorisation de leurs besoins technologiques, les mettent en relation avec des ressources internes et externes et assurent le suivi des projets auprès des clients.

Le rôle: 

L’analyste en informations normatives et de marché est spécialisé dans le domaine des exigences normatives et de marchés pour les produits manufacturiers. Le titulaire doit, entre autres, accompagner les entreprises manufacturières qui souhaitent entreprendre un projet qui nécessite de connaître les exigences normatives des marchés d’exportations envisagés.

Les principales responsabilités: 

Analyser les besoins d’accompagnement des entreprises manufacturières en regard des aspects normatifs et de marchés d’un projet d’exportation et établir une proposition d’accompagnement;
Étudier les caractéristiques techniques des produits manufacturiers visés par un projet d’exportation;
Collecter, analyser et synthétiser des données normatives et de marchés afin de produire une information à valeur ajoutée en regard de chaque produit manufacturier étudié;
Répondre aux demandes d’informations techniques des entreprises en les orientant vers des normes, lois et règlements touchant leurs produits manufacturiers, tant pour le Canada que pour d’autres pays;
Produire des rapports, des bulletins, des conclusions et/ou des réponses, les livrer et en assurer la présentation et le suivi auprès des entreprises;
Effectuer la gestion de projets d’accompagnement;
Réaliser des présentations/conférences/formations en lien avec les aspects normatifs de l’exportation et/ou l’acceptation de produits;
Maintenir à jour ses connaissances au niveau des normes, lois et règlements touchant les secteurs manufacturiers canadiens et étrangers;
Entretenir et développer des relations d’affaires avec les organismes normatifs, les laboratoires canadiens et étrangers et des intervenants/experts dans les différents marchés d’exportation;
Accomplir, au besoin, toute autre tâche nécessaire au bon fonctionnement de l’organisation. 

Les qualifications requises:

Baccalauréat en génie mécanique ou dans une discipline connexe
Posséder au minimum trois ans d’expérience et des connaissances en rapport direct avec la conformité de produits, les normes, les procédures et la réglementation internationale en matière d’exportation;
Avoir des connaissances et de l’expertise reliées à l’analyse de quantité importante de documents;
Avoir une bonne connaissance des plateformes informationnelles, des agents intelligents et des moteurs de recherche;
Avoir une bonne connaissance de la suite Microsoft Office;
Avoir une excellente connaissance du français et de l’anglais tant à l’oral qu’à l’écrit;
Être disponible pour des déplacements au Québec

Le profil général recherché:

Être orienté vers le client.
Posséder d’excellentes habiletés de recherche, d’analyse, de synthèse et de vulgarisation de données multiples.
Faire preuve d’autonomie et de dynamisme
Démontrer des aptitudes au travail d’équipe
Être à l’aise de s’exprimer en public. 

Le salaire: 51 692$ à 95 747 $

Investissement Québec t’offre plusieurs avantages

Connecte avec tes collègues : Travaille de la maison jusqu’à trois jours par semaine et profite de l’énergie du bureau pour créer, t’inspirer, collaborer et avoir du plaisir! Plusieurs formules d’horaires flexibles te permettant de mieux concilier vie personnelle et professionnelle, tout en respectant ton profil d’emploi.

Allonge tes journées de travail pendant quatre jours pour obtenir une demi-journée de congé.
Évite le trafic en réalisant tes 7 heures de travail entre 7 h 30 et 18 h.
Profite de congés payés un vendredi après-midi sur deux durant l’été
Bénéficie de 2 semaines complètes en télétravail au Québec par année 

Dépasse-toi : Plusieurs options te sont offertes pour parfaire tes connaissances, améliorer tes compétences professionnelles ou tes habiletés de gestion. S’ajoutent à cela des congés pour études, le remboursement des frais pour l’obtention d’une attestation professionnelle, le remboursement de matériel de cours, et encore plus.

Prends soin de ta santé : Nous offrons des services de télémédecine tout à fait gratuitement. Notre programme de santé-mieux-être TonIQ, te permet également de profiter de conférences et de suggestions d’activités favorisant un bel équilibre de vie.

Reste actif : Nous remboursons une partie des frais d’inscription à ton programme de santé physique.

Sens-toi soutenu en toutes circonstances : Notre programme d’aide aux employés et à la famille t’apporte un soutien gratuit, immédiat et confidentiel.

Réalise-toi maintenant et prépare ton avenir en même temps! Nos employés adhèrent automatiquement à notre régime de retraite à prestations déterminées, l’un des plus généreux de notre secteur d’activité.

Sois rassuré, tu seras assuré: Nous offrons un régime d’assurances collectives flexibles pouvant être modulés en fonction des besoins (selon admissibilité).

 Vois la vie en vert: Plusieurs initiatives en développement durable s’ajoutent à notre bilan chaque année : remboursement d’une partie de tes titres de transport, stationnement à vélos gratuit, distributrices à eau pour éviter le gaspillage de plastique.
About the job
#WeAreCrowdStrike and our mission is to stop breaches. As a global leader in cybersecurity, our team changed the game. Since our inception, our market leading cloud-native platform has offered unparalleled protection against the most sophisticated cyberattacks. We’re looking for people with limitless passion, a relentless focus on innovation and a fanatical commitment to the customer to join us in shaping the future of cybersecurity. Consistently recognized as a top workplace, CrowdStrike is committed to cultivating an inclusive, remote-first culture that offers people the autonomy and flexibility to balance the needs of work and life while taking their career to the next level. Interested in working for a company that sets the standard and leads with integrity? Join us on a mission that matters - one team, one fight.

Field Competitive Intelligence Analyst, Americas (Remote CT/MT) 

About The Role

As a Field Competitive Intelligence Analyst, you will support the CrowdStrike Sales and Executive Teams. You will work and support the CTO Labs and Field CTO Teams team at CrowdStrike. The Field CI team’s mission is to identify & deliver key competitive differentiators to support the international growth of customers, new markets, and TAM. This includes driving strategy through cross functional collaboration across the company including Product, Sales, Marketing, and more.

As the Field CI Analyst, you will be responsible for creating and communicating the company’s competitive differentiation strategy on a regional basis and working closely with the company’s product CTO’s, Product Managers and Field functions on a regular basis. You will also work closely with other groups within CrowdStrike, which includes: marketing, value management, legal and corporate affairs teams.

This role reports to the Manager, Competitive Intelligence Strategy. With your extensive cybersecurity background and your ability to think and operate at a strategic level, you will drive CrowdStrike’s technical vision and strategy and support on strategic engagements across the CrowdStrike organization.

What You'll Do

Support current customers and new customers by sharing CrowdStrike’s key competitive value differentiators, supporting the positioning of CrowdStrike as the leading thought leader for Cybersecurity with customers, partners, and analysts.
Driving and communicating CrowdStrike’s technology strategy to customers and partners as well as industry events.
Maintaining an in-depth knowledge of the cyber security industry, the competitive landscape and related industry developments to ensure we continue to be thought leaders who innovate ahead of the market.
Using stakeholders’ feedback to inform necessary improvements and adjustments to technology.
Focusing on technology improvements that will improve competitive positioning of the CrowdStrike products.
Providing recommendations for continuous improvement.

What You'll Need

Deep technical and operations skills in understanding the capabilities (strengths and weaknesses) of competitor offerings.
Strong analytical and communication skills to allow translation of competitive differentiation points into contextually relevant talking points.
Demonstrate a deep and broad knowledge of security issues and trends and are able to articulate a high-level security strategy to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Working in a role such as or similar to Competitive Strategist, Strategic Consultant, Enterprise Security Architect.
Experience with/exposure to Endpoint Security, Cloud Security, SIEM/Log Management, Mobile Security, Identity Security, Incident Response as well as other cyber security domains.
Regional travel is expected on a limited basis.

Benefits Of Working At CrowdStrike

Remote-first culture
Market leader in compensation and equity awards
Competitive vacation and flexible working arrangements 
Comprehensive and inclusive health benefits
Physical and mental wellness programs
Paid parental leave, including adoption 
A variety of professional development and mentorship opportunities
Offices with stocked kitchens when you need to fuel innovation and collaboration

We are committed to fostering a culture of belonging where everyone feels seen, heard, valued for who they are and empowered to succeed. Our approach to cultivating a diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture is rooted in listening, learning and collective action. By embracing the diversity of our people, we achieve our best work and fuel innovation - generating the best possible outcomes for our customers and the communities they serve.

CrowdStrike is committed to maintaining an environment of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action. If you need reasonable accommodation to access the information provided on this website, please contact Recruiting@crowdstrike.com , for further assistance.

CrowdStrike participates in the E-Verify program.

Notice of E-Verify Participation

Right to Work

CrowdStrike, Inc. is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in the U.S. is $135,000 - $200,000 per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

CrowdStrike Canada ULC is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in Canada is $130,000 - $220,000 CAD per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

Expected Close Date of Job Posting is:03-23-2024
About the job
About Restaurant Brands International

Restaurant Brands International Inc. is one of the world's largest quick service restaurant companies with over $40 billion in annual system-wide sales and over 30,000 restaurants in more than 100 countries. RBI owns four of the world's most prominent and iconic quick service restaurant brands – TIM HORTONS®, BURGER KING®, POPEYES®, and FIREHOUSE SUBS®. These independently operated brands have been serving their respective guests, franchisees and communities for decades. Through its Restaurant Brands for Good framework, RBI is improving sustainable outcomes related to its food, the planet, and people and communities.

Description

Reporting to the General Manager of Canada, Tim Hortons CPG, this individual is responsible for the monitoring and communication of trends that have a material impact on our business performance. The individual is also responsible for generating insights to help drive key data-based decisions across various business areas.

Responsibilities

Responsible for the analysis and presentation of consumption trends by retailer, category, region, channel, and other relevant factors to various teams across the business including areas such as sales, operations, and innovation.
Monitors the effectiveness of promotional programs and prepares post-program analyses highlighting key highlights and opportunities.
Leverages several sources of data to analyze general as well as specific trends, year-over-year consumption, key regional and product-mix differences.
Drives automation in reporting processes using knowledge of cutting-edge analytical tools.
Executes in-depth analysis for long-term strategic projects such as channel and regional expansion strategy.
Collaborate with external vendors to negotiate and budget data investments to optimize overall business expenses year over year.

Essential Qualifications

University degree in business, marketing, finance, or related field.
2-3 years of work experience in QSR, Retailer, CPG supplier, or related field.
Experience leveraging databases such as Nielsen, IRI and/or national retailer platforms to extract and manipulate data.
Experience working with SQL code data and visualization software such as Tableau/PowerBI.
Advanced Excel and PowerPoint skills.

Essential Skills

You have strong critical-thinking and conceptual problem-solving skills. You can debate complex issues, ask the right questions, interpret data and synthesize learnings.
You have strong organizational skills and high attention to detail.
You’re resilient and thrive in a fast-paced, high-pressure environment working on multiple projects simultaneously, with a sense of urgency and thoughtfulness.
You are an effective communicator and comfortable working in cross-functional teams.
Entrepreneurial spirit

Restaurant Brands International and all of its affiliated companies (collectively, RBI) are equal opportunity and affirmative action employers that do not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, religion, age, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by local, state, provincial or federal laws, rules, or regulations. RBI's policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment. Accommodation is available for applicants with disabilities upon request.

#TimHortons

50223658
About the job
Be part of a dynamic team whose primary objective is to add value, optimize our tools and conduct advanced analyses whose findings have a tangible impact on how our business is managed.

The Business Intelligence Analyst is a full-time role within our Project Management Office team. The successful candidate’s primary responsibilities will be to design, produce and distribute a variety of reports, dashboards and performance indicators that will contribute to strategic decision-making.

You’ll Have The Opportunity To

Gathering and compiling business needs; 
Defining the organization’s performance indicators;
Examining and analyzing data;
Designing and updating performance tracking dashboards and reports;
Issuing recommendations to support executives in their decision-making;
Enhancing and refining reports and dashboards on an ongoing basis.

YOU’LL THRIVE IN THIS ROLE IF YOU HAVE THE FOLLOWING SKILLS AND QUALITIES:

Undergraduate degree in organizational information systems, business intelligence, statistics, computer science or equivalent;
Three to five years’ experience in a data analyst or similar role;
Demonstrated leadership and communication skills;
Ability to influence management teams;
Strong analytical and problem-solving mindset; 
Solid teamwork skills coupled with the ability to work independently; 
Good understanding of the information technology environment; 
Knowledge of ServiceNow an asset. 

ACKNOWLEDGING THE POWER OF DIVERSITY

BRP is dedicated to nurturing a culture that invites, connects, and propels the ambitions of people of all backgrounds, profiles, beliefs and experiences. Ultimately, the diversity and uniqueness of our people fuel our ingenuity and set the course for the path ahead!

For this reason, we value diversity and we strive to always push each other forward to build an inclusive workplace where every employee feels like they belong, where they can grow and find meaning.

AT BRP, WHEN WE TALK ABOUT BENEFITS, WE GO ALL IN.

Let’s start with a strong foundation — You want it, we have it:

Annual bonus: we work hard, and we know it. This yearly thank you is our way to fuel your dreams.
Generous paid time away: winding down is as important as creating the future of recreational products. 
Pension plan: we want to make sure you’ll enjoy retirement; we’ve got you covered. 
Collective saving opportunities: being part of BRP allows you to tap into the strength of our saving programs. 
Industry leading healthcare: fully paid by BRP, this program is here for you, whatever happens, so you can focus on what matters.

What About Some Feel Good Extras

Flexible work schedule: balance is key to innovation, and we want to make sure you are at the top of your game with a schedule that will work for you. 
Summer schedule: time flies at BRP, so we hit pause to enjoy it.
Holiday season shutdown: between Christmas and New Year’s, we close our facilities and refill on good times.
Educational resources: you love what you do, and we get you resources to stay cutting-edge, so we all win together.
Discount on BRP products: what we build is amazing, freeing, revolutionary, and you're first in line for the experience.

WELCOME TO BRP

We’re a world leader in recreational vehicles and boats, creating innovative ways to move on snow, water, asphalt, dirt and even in the air. Headquartered in the Canadian town of Valcourt, Quebec, our company is rooted in a spirit of ingenuity and intense customer focus. Today, we operate manufacturing facilities in Canada, the United States, Mexico, Finland, Australia and Austria, with a workforce made up of close to 23,000 spirited people, all driven by the deeply held belief that at work, as with life itself, it’s not about the destination; It’s about the journey.
About the job
Cardinal Health Canada, with over 1300 employees nationwide, is an essential link in the Canadian healthcare supply chain, providing over 70,000 products to healthcare facilities and medical professionals across the country.
This is a contract position for 12 months, with hybrid work model. The Data & Analytics Function oversees the analytics lifecycle to identify, analyze and present relevant insights that drive business decisions and anticipate opportunities to achieve a competitive advantage. This function manages analytic data platforms, the access, design and implementation of reporting/business intelligence solutions, and the application of advanced quantitative modeling.
Data Analytics applies business process knowledge and data analytics to develop, recommend and communicate timely, accurate, relevant and actionable insights to support business decisions and objectives.
For more information on what it is like to work for us, please watch this video: Cardinal Health - Wings
Responsibilities
Transition existing Data Pipelines and reporting solutions into new Platform in the cloud
Design and build data pipelines that extract, transform, and load (ETL) data from various sources into our data warehouse
Create and maintain data models that ensure data consistency, accuracy, and accessibility
Develop and maintain automated data pipelines and data processing workflows
Create data visualization utilizing complex data to provide meaningful insights
Design and maintain databases that support our data processing and analytics needs
Ensure data security, privacy, and compliance with data regulations
Monitor and troubleshoot data pipelines to ensure data quality and reliability
Develop and maintain documentation for data infrastructure, processes, and workflows
Stay up-to-date with emerging trends and technologies in data engineering, machine learning, and automation
Qualifications
BA, BS or equivalent experience in related field preferred. Advance Degree may be required
4-8 years of experience in data analytics preferred
Proven experience in designing and implementing database solutions using SQL
Experience with cloud-based data platforms such as AWS or GCP
Intermediate level BI dashboarding experience (e.g. Tableau, PowerBI, etc.)
Knowledge of data modeling techniques and best practices
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills
Strong communication and presentation skills
Ability to work independently and as part of a team
Familiarity with SAP tables and data structures is preferred
Cardinal Health Canada is dedicated to the health and safety of its employees, customers and communities. Pursuant to this, we have implemented several COVID-19 safety measures, including a COVID-19 Vaccination Policy that requires all employees to be fully vaccinated. This is subject to reasonable accommodation for grounds protected under human rights legislation
What is expected of you and others at this level
Applies comprehensive knowledge and a thorough understanding of concepts, principles, and technical capabilities to perform varied tasks and projects
May contribute to the development of policies and procedures
Works on complex projects of large scope
Develops technical solutions to a wide range of difficult problems. Solutions are innovative and consistent with organization objectives
Completes work independently receives general guidance on new projects
Work reviewed for purpose of meeting objectives
May act as a mentor to less experienced colleagues
Cardinal Health is committed to employment equity and encourages applications from women, visible minorities, Indigenous peoples and persons with disabilities.
Cardinal Health is committed to accommodating applicants with disabilities throughout the hiring process, in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). Our Human Resources team is responsible for working with applicants requesting accommodation at any stage of the hiring process.
""
Candidates who are back-to-work, people with disabilities, without a college degree, and Veterans are encouraged to apply.


Cardinal Health supports an inclusive workplace that values diversity of thought, experience and background. We celebrate the power of our differences to create better solutions for our customers by ensuring employees can be their authentic selves each day. Cardinal Health is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, pregnancy, veteran status, marital status, creed, status with regard to public assistance, genetic status or any other status protected by federal, state or local law.
About the job
Bombardier is a global leader, creating innovative and game-changing planes. Our products and services provide world-class transportation experiences that set new standards in passenger comfort, energy, efficiency, reliability and safety. We are a global organization focused on working together with a team spirit.

In your role, you will

Analyze the needs of internal customers and generate appropriate project plans.
Extract, import, process and document source data.
Implement data sets for Power BI visibilities
Be responsible for the design, implementation and documentation of new web applications
Support and improve existing IT systems (web applications and desktop).
Provide leadership in the development of new tools up until implementation.
Actively collaborate in continuous improvement activities and initiatives with the team.


As our ideal candidate

 You have a Bachelor in Computer Science or Software Engineering or other relevant experience. 
 You have acquired a minimum of three (3) years of experience. 
 You have a very good knowledge in several of the following areas: 
 Transact-SQL 
 SQL Server (SSIS, SSAS, SSRS) 
 BI – datawarehouse, PowerBI 
 Microsoft Azure 
 ASP.NET (C#) 
 Database modeling 
 You have the skills to build partnerships with key players from different departments. 
 You are organized and meet your commitments 
 You are independent and your teamwork is recognized 
 Your flexibility allows you to work on multiple tasks / projects simultaneously 
 You are bilingual (French and English) 

Bombardier is an equal opportunity employer and encourages persons of any race, religion, ethnicity, gender identity, sexual orientation, age immigration status, disability or other applicable legally protected Characteristics to apply.

We thank all applicants for their interest, however, only those under consideration will be contacted. Please continue to monitor our website and apply for additional positions for which you are qualified and may be of interest to you.

Join us at https://bombardier.com/en/careers/career-opportunities

Your ideas move people.

Job Data analyst (Business Intelligence Analyst)

Primary Location Marcel-Laurin Plant 1

Organization Aerospace Canada

Shift Day job

Employee Status Regular
About the job
Careers Category: Data, Analytics & User Research
Careers location: Toronto, Canada
Connected Worker Type: Connected
Requisition Id: R_110807
The Merge Dragons team is looking to hire a Senior Data Analyst to build new features for our millions of players to enjoy!
Merge Dragons! is a puzzle adventure game, where you are tasked with healing a magical land, harnessing the power of dragons, solving fun puzzles and building your camp to grow dragons. It’s a game where everything can be matched and merged to produce unique artifacts and skills – dragon eggs, trees, treasures, stars, magical flowers and dragons themselves, you name it. Everything interacts, and helps you overcome magical, mysterious puzzles.
Gram Games is the studio behind some of the most popular mobile titles in the world like 1010!, Six! and Merge Dragons! With more exciting projects in the pipeline. At Gram Games, we work in small self-managing teams, enabling you to have an incredible amount of ownership, autonomy and impact.
Use our modern tech stack, Snowflake, Databricks and PySpark, Airflow, and Tableau to develop innovative tools
Work closely with marketing teams to craft, test, verify and implement end-to-end data pipelines that ingest data from multiple sources and output meaningful insights to optimize Zynga audience growth
Apply statistical methodologies to evaluate performance and account for uncertainties in major initiatives
Design and develop using standard practices within a GitHub environment
BS in Computer Science, Math, Statistics, Economics, or other quantitative field; Masters or PhD strongly preferred
5+ years of work experience in data science or analytics roles
Demonstrated experience with some or all of the following: data mining, predictive modeling, statistics, experimental design, application development, computational analytics, econometric modeling, data visualization
Proficient in Python, SQL, and other programming languages; Experience with visualization software such as Tableau and/or app design using libraries such as Plotly Dash
Strong written and oral communication skills
Competitive salary, bonus plan and ESPP (Employee Stock Purchase Plan)
401K Company Match Contribution (US)
RRSP/DPSP company match contribution (Canada)
Health coverage, dental, disability, critical illness, EAP, and life insurance (Canada)
Medical, dental, vision, EAP, life insurance, and disability benefits (US)
Virtual mental health and neurodiversity support programs
Global Fitness reimbursement program
Global Wellbeing Program
Financial wellness program with unlimited access to certified financial planners
Discretionary Time Off policy for many employees
Family planning support program
Generous paid parental, pregnancy-related disability, caregiver, and compassionate leaves
Subsidized Back-up child care
Zynga happy hours and frequent employee events
Flexible working hours on many teams
Culture of diversity and inclusion including employee resource groups
Work with cool people and impact millions of daily player
We are an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to building a diverse and talented workforce. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, sex, religion, colour, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, medical condition, disability, or any other class or characteristic protected by applicable law. We welcome job-seekers, players, employees, and partners from all backgrounds to join us!
We will consider all qualified job-seekers with criminal histories in a manner consistent with applicable law.
We are committed to providing reasonable accommodations to qualified individuals with physical or mental disabilities in order to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us at AccommodationRequest@zynga.com to request an accommodation associated with your application for an open position.
Zynga does not engage in financial exchanges during the recruitment or onboarding process. We do not conduct job interviews over third-party messaging apps such as Telegram, WhatsApp or others. We will never ask you for your personal or financial information over unofficial chat channels. Our in-house recruitment team only contacts individuals via official company email addresses (i.e., via a zynga.com or naturalmotion.com email domain).
If you believe you have been the victim of a scam, you may wish to contact the authorities. In the United States, you may file a complaint with the FBI. More information is available here: https://www.ic3.gov.
About the job
#WeAreCrowdStrike and our mission is to stop breaches. As a global leader in cybersecurity, our team changed the game. Since our inception, our market leading cloud-native platform has offered unparalleled protection against the most sophisticated cyberattacks. We’re looking for people with limitless passion, a relentless focus on innovation and a fanatical commitment to the customer to join us in shaping the future of cybersecurity. Consistently recognized as a top workplace, CrowdStrike is committed to cultivating an inclusive, remote-first culture that offers people the autonomy and flexibility to balance the needs of work and life while taking their career to the next level. Interested in working for a company that sets the standard and leads with integrity? Join us on a mission that matters - one team, one fight.

Field Competitive Intelligence Analyst, Americas (Remote CT/MT) 

About The Role

As a Field Competitive Intelligence Analyst, you will support the CrowdStrike Sales and Executive Teams. You will work and support the CTO Labs and Field CTO Teams team at CrowdStrike. The Field CI team’s mission is to identify & deliver key competitive differentiators to support the international growth of customers, new markets, and TAM. This includes driving strategy through cross functional collaboration across the company including Product, Sales, Marketing, and more.

As the Field CI Analyst, you will be responsible for creating and communicating the company’s competitive differentiation strategy on a regional basis and working closely with the company’s product CTO’s, Product Managers and Field functions on a regular basis. You will also work closely with other groups within CrowdStrike, which includes: marketing, value management, legal and corporate affairs teams.

This role reports to the Manager, Competitive Intelligence Strategy. With your extensive cybersecurity background and your ability to think and operate at a strategic level, you will drive CrowdStrike’s technical vision and strategy and support on strategic engagements across the CrowdStrike organization.

What You'll Do

Support current customers and new customers by sharing CrowdStrike’s key competitive value differentiators, supporting the positioning of CrowdStrike as the leading thought leader for Cybersecurity with customers, partners, and analysts.
Driving and communicating CrowdStrike’s technology strategy to customers and partners as well as industry events.
Maintaining an in-depth knowledge of the cyber security industry, the competitive landscape and related industry developments to ensure we continue to be thought leaders who innovate ahead of the market.
Using stakeholders’ feedback to inform necessary improvements and adjustments to technology.
Focusing on technology improvements that will improve competitive positioning of the CrowdStrike products.
Providing recommendations for continuous improvement.

What You'll Need

Deep technical and operations skills in understanding the capabilities (strengths and weaknesses) of competitor offerings.
Strong analytical and communication skills to allow translation of competitive differentiation points into contextually relevant talking points.
Demonstrate a deep and broad knowledge of security issues and trends and are able to articulate a high-level security strategy to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Working in a role such as or similar to Competitive Strategist, Strategic Consultant, Enterprise Security Architect.
Experience with/exposure to Endpoint Security, Cloud Security, SIEM/Log Management, Mobile Security, Identity Security, Incident Response as well as other cyber security domains.
Regional travel is expected on a limited basis.

Benefits Of Working At CrowdStrike

Remote-first culture
Market leader in compensation and equity awards
Competitive vacation and flexible working arrangements 
Comprehensive and inclusive health benefits
Physical and mental wellness programs
Paid parental leave, including adoption 
A variety of professional development and mentorship opportunities
Offices with stocked kitchens when you need to fuel innovation and collaboration

We are committed to fostering a culture of belonging where everyone feels seen, heard, valued for who they are and empowered to succeed. Our approach to cultivating a diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture is rooted in listening, learning and collective action. By embracing the diversity of our people, we achieve our best work and fuel innovation - generating the best possible outcomes for our customers and the communities they serve.

CrowdStrike is committed to maintaining an environment of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action. If you need reasonable accommodation to access the information provided on this website, please contact Recruiting@crowdstrike.com , for further assistance.

CrowdStrike participates in the E-Verify program.

Notice of E-Verify Participation

Right to Work

CrowdStrike, Inc. is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in the U.S. is $135,000 - $200,000 per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

CrowdStrike Canada ULC is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in Canada is $130,000 - $220,000 CAD per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

Expected Close Date of Job Posting is:03-23-2024
About the job
We believe communication belongs to everyone. We exist to democratize phone service. TextNow is evolving the way the world connects and that's because we're made up of people with curious minds who bring an optimistic, yet critical lens into the work we do. We're the largest provider of free phone service in the nation. And we're just getting started.

Join us in our mission to break down barriers to communication and free the flow of conversation for people everywhere.

TextNow is looking for an experienced Senior Data Analyst to fuel the next stage of our growth. This person will work closely with stakeholders in the Growth organization to deliver deep, actionable insights in a timely manner. These insights will serve as decision-making tools for cross-functional leaders, ultimately accelerating decision quality at TextNow.

This role sits on the Business Analytics team. The mission of our team is to deliver timely and trustworthy insights that enhance clarity and instill confidence. This role will report to the Senior Manager of Business Analytics.

What You’ll Do

Be a strong partner to cross-functional teams in understanding new and existing product offering, and recommend the right metrics to measure performance
Provide cross-functional teams visibility into key business KPIs and metrics by developing and presenting reports and dashboards
Independently conduct analyses using rigorous analytic methods and build recommendations that drive decision making and business prioritization
 Execute upon experimentation roadmaps by implement experiments and tests, monitoring results and presenting recommendations
Generate and share actionable insights with Director+ level leadership via written artifacts such as decks and memos, and verbally in forums such as weekly standup meetings

Who You Are

BA/BS in a quantitative discipline like Math, Computer Science, Economics, Engineering or Analytics required. MS in Business Analytics highly preferred.
3+ years of hands-on experience in business and/or product analytics, working with large, multi-dimensional datasets, preferably at fast-growing tech companies
Exceptional communication skills, both verbal and written
 Skilled in extracting and transforming data from Snowflake warehouse using SQL
Hands-on experience in designing, building, operating, and maintaining Tableau dashboards
Knowledge of using web analytics tools such as Google Analytics.
Knowledge of experimentation (A/B tests, geo tests etc.) and basic statistics (e.g hypothesis testing) required. Knowledge of commonly used analytic methods such as regression, decision trees and forecasting is highly preferred.
Experience in and ability to play “trusted advisor” to senior and executive leadership and help make change happen.
Fast learner. Being a fast learner also means the ability to admit defeat, ask for help and iterate quickly so you can learn from your mistakes and move ahead.
Respectfully candid with the ability to collaborate with multiple stakeholders as well as peers on the data team
Resourceful and scrappy with the ability to deliver insights to the right teams in a timely manner.

More About TextNow...

Our Values: 

 People First (Make business decisions by putting people first!)
 No Brilliant Jerks (We're cool with the brilliant part, with the jerk part? not so much)
 Give a Damn! (We care about our work, our mission and our customers)
 Challenge Accepted (Show up with a positive can-do attitude)

Benefits, Culture, & More

 Strong work life blend
 Flexible work arrangements (wfh, remote, or access to one of our office spaces)
 Employee Stock Options
 Unlimited vacation
 Competitive pay and benefits
 Parental leave
 Benefits for both physical and mental well being (wellness credit and L&D credit)
 We travel a few times a year for various team events, company wide off-sites, and more

Diversity And Inclusion

At TextNow, our mission is built around inclusion and offering a service for EVERYONE, in an industry that traditionally only caters to the few who have the means to afford it. We believe that diversity of thought and inclusion of others promotes a greater feeling of belonging and higher levels of engagement. We know that if we work together, we can do amazing things, and that our differences are what make our product and company great. 

 TextNow Candidate Policy 

 By submitting an application to TextNow, you agree to the collection, use, and disclosure of your personal information in accordance with the TextNow Candidate Policy
About the job
Job Type: Permanent

Reference code: 124887

Primary Location: Toronto, ON

All Available Locations: Toronto, ON; Calgary, AB; Halifax, NS; Ottawa, ON; Vancouver, BC; Victoria, BC

Our Purpose

At Deloitte, we are driven to inspire and help our people, organization, communities, and country to thrive. Our Purpose is to build a better future by accelerating and expanding access to knowledge. Purpose defines who we are and gives us reason to exist as an organization.

By living our Purpose, we will make an impact that matters.

Enjoy flexible, proactive, and practical benefits that foster a culture of well-being and connectedness.
Experience a firm where wellness matters.
Be expected to share your ideas and to make them a reality.


What will your typical day look like?

The role of Global People Analytics within Global Talent supports and/or leads projects as identified. The current portfolio is varied and changes often. The individual will identify data-driven insights for an executive audience, support experimental research for developing people analytics methodologies, and have experience conducting advanced data modeling and developing analytics solutions.

As part of the Global Talent team you will:

Manage the development and execution of advanced people analytics and data visualization in support of global, member firm or global business initiatives as needed, including strategic priorities
Support the design, development, and delivery of research experiments from planning, collecting, analyzing, and interpreting results
Develop compelling, logically structured, actionable data driven insights (including storytelling of research/analytics findings) for all audience levels, including Executives
Maintain and coordinate data collection, transfer, storage, analysis, and retention processes
Support the governance, execution, and coordination of data-driven strategic projects, analyses, and visualizations for Global Talent, and liaise with Deloitte Technology and Global Finance
Assist with preparation of deliverables (e.g., meeting agendas, presentations, summary/notes, etc.) for key project meetings (e.g. Deloitte People Analytics community) or Global Talent meetings (e.g., Executive Leadership Team) and leadership communications
Support management of ongoing relationship with key stakeholders associated with project and priorities
Collaborate on the development of tools and technology to support people analytics and the application of behavioral science
Support knowledge sharing across member firms and global businesses, including the delivery of special initiatives (e.g., working groups with MF stakeholders, developing internal points of view on talent topics, timely support on global issues like COVID-19)
Stay informed on new research and techniques related to people/HR analytics that could be applied to Global Talent priority areas
Future responsibilities could shift to other projects. If so, the underlying responsibilities would be similar, yet the topic area would change.

About The Team

Global Talent supports our high-performing and diverse professionals around the world. We engage with our business units to promote growth and development of our people toward their individual professional and personal advancement while ensuring a balance of career and life goals.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you

University degree required. Master’s degree a plus.
Experience working in a large, multinational organization, preferably in the Consulting or HR/Talent function for a professional services firm. Multiple years working at global professional services firm, especially in consulting or human capital consulting would be beneficial experience for this role.
Analytical experience in an applied setting – preferable in people analytics – including an understanding of data strategy and associated governance programs
Familiarity with basic talent strategy, processes, concepts, data, technology, and trends(including promotions, hiring, attrition, compensation/total rewards)
Experience interpreting and understanding key talent challenges, and advising on data-driven actions to investigate and remediate those challenges
Managing projects, team members and stakeholders, including the ability to partner, engage and/or direct individuals across different levels from executives to peers
Significant experience building relationships with and prioritizing work from a diverse group of stakeholders
Advanced skills working with PowerPoint, with proficiency in Word and Excel

Other:

Experience using or working knowledge of R, Python, and Tableau desired
Flexibility in working hours in order to work with global clients
Knowledge of standard talent activities and processes
Experience participating in large, virtual global project teams; Prior experience working on global or multinational projects preferred

Total Rewards

The salary range for this position is $58,000 - $114,000, and individuals may be eligible to participate in our bonus program. Deloitte is fair and competitive when it comes to the salaries of our people. We regularly benchmark across a variety of positions, industries, sectors, targets, and levels. Our approach is grounded on recognizing people's unique strengths and contributions and rewarding the value that they deliver.

Our Total Rewards Package extends well beyond traditional compensation and benefit programs and is designed to recognize employee contributions, encourage personal wellness, and support firm growth. Along with a competitive base salary and variable pay opportunities, we offer a wide array of initiatives that differentiate us as a people-first organization. Some representative examples include: $4,000 per year for mental health support benefits, a $1,300 flexible benefit spending account, 38+ days off (including 10 firm-wide closures known as "Deloitte Days"), flexible work arrangements and a hybrid work structure.

Our promise to our people: Deloitte is where potential comes to life.

Be yourself, and more.

We are a group of talented people who want to learn, gain experience, and develop skills. Wherever you are in your career, we want you to advance.

You Shape How We Make Impact.

Diverse perspectives and life experiences make us better. Whoever you are and wherever you’re from, we want you to feel like you belong here. We provide flexible working options to support you and how you can contribute. Be the leader you want to be.

Be the leader you want to be 

Some guide teams, some change culture, some build essential expertise. We offer opportunities and experiences that support your continuing growth as a leader.

Have as many careers as you want.

We are uniquely able to offer you new challenges and roles – and prepare you for them. We bring together people with unique experiences and talents, and we are the place to develop a lasting network of friends, peers, and mentors. Our TVP is about relationships – between leaders and their people, the firm and its people, peers, and within in our communities.

The next step is yours

At Deloitte, we are all about doing business inclusively – that starts with having diverse colleagues of all abilities. Deloitte encourages applications from all qualified candidates who represent the full diversity of communities across Canada. This includes, but is not limited to, people with disabilities, candidates from Indigenous communities, and candidates from the Black community in support of living our values, creating a culture of Diversity Equity and Inclusion and our commitment to our AccessAbility Action Plan , Reconciliation Action Plan and the BlackNorth Initiative .

We encourage you to connect with us at accessiblecareers@deloitte.ca if you require an accommodation for the recruitment process (including alternate formats of materials, accessible meeting rooms or other accommodations) or indigenouscareers@deloitte.ca for any questions relating to careers for Indigenous peoples at Deloitte (First Nations, Inuit, Métis).

By applying to this job you will be assessed against the Deloitte Global Talent Standards. We’ve designed these standards to provide our clients with a consistent and exceptional Deloitte experience globally.

Deloitte Canada has 30 offices with representation across most of the country. We acknowledge our offices reside on traditional, treaty and unceded territories as part of Turtle Island and is still home to many First Nations, Métis, and Inuit peoples. We are all Treaty people.
About the job
About Agoda

Agoda is an online travel booking platform for accommodations, flights, and more. We build and deploy cutting-edge technology that connects travelers with more than 3.6 million accommodations globally. Based in Asia and part of Booking Holdings, our 6,000+ employees representing 90+ nationalities foster a work environment rich in diversity, creativity, and collaboration. We innovate through a culture of experimentation and ownership, enhancing the ability for our customers to experience the world.

 Get to Know our  Team: 

The Performance Marketing Team of Agoda is a world leader in online marketing. This department is highly data-driven and focused on developing at-scale marketing programs that improve the lifetime value of Agoda customers through measurable marketing programs and channels. The team is a blend of the best analysts, marketing strategists, and data scientists in the world. The marketing leadership at Agoda have deep experience in data science, product, strategy, and other marketing fields and have built an organization that thrives on data, creative ideas, and technology. The Performance Marketing Team also fosters a great learning environment. You will be able to learn and grow by working closely with experts from a variety of backgrounds from all over the world.

 In this Role, you’ll get  to: 

Search: Experiment with text ads, bidding, and campaign structures on Google, Bing, Baidu, Naver, and other search engines. Adapt to new product features and roll out changes from successful tests
Display: Test, analyze, and optimize campaigns on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, and others
Modeling: Analyze the vast amounts of data generated by experiments, develop models we can use for optimization, and build dashboards for account managers

 What you’ll Need to  Succeed: 

Bachelor’s Degree or higher from top university in a quantitative subject (computer science, mathematics, engineering, statistics or science)
Ability to communicate fluently in English
Exposure to one or more data analysis packages or databases, e.g., SAS, R, SPSS, Python, VBA, SQL, Tableau
Good numerical reasoning skills
Proficiency in Excel
Intellectual curiosity and analytical skills

 It’s Great if you  Have: 

Experience in digital marketing
Academic research experience

#STRA#ANLS#MRKT#3 #Bengaluru #SãoPaulo #Delhi #NewYorkCity #Nigeria #London #Hyderabad #Pune #Mumbai #Colombia #Paris #Jakarta #Chennai #SanFrancisco #WashingtonDC #Toronto #Pakistan #LosAngeles #Dallas #Chicago #Kenya #Boston #Shanghai #Egypt #BuenosAires #Manila #Netherlands #Singapore #RiodeJaneiro #Beijing #Atlanta #Sydney #Madrid #Vietnam #SaudiArabia #Peru #Melbourne #Ireland #Russia #Bangladesh #MexicoCity #Philadelphia #Chile #SeattleArea #Noida #Kolkata #Guangdong #UnitedArabEmirates #TelAvivDistrict #Houston #KualaLumpur #BeloHorizonte #SouthKorea #Bangkok #Istanbul #Austin #Curitiba #Warsaw #Campinas #Barcelona #Ukraine #CostaRica #Berlin #Romania #Denver #Johannesburg #Minneapolis #Manchester #Miami #MexicoCity #Phoenix #Detroit #Coimbatore #Milan #PortoAlegre #Vancouver #Montreal #Charlotte #SanDiego #Ghana #SaltLakeCity #Raleigh #HongKong #Fortaleza #Munich #Prague #Ecuador #TampaBay #Tokyo #Serbia #Taipei #Cracow #Zhejiang #CapeTown #Brasilia #Columbus data representation data analysis SQL data analytics analytics python (programming language) data mining data science r (programming language) tableau analytical skills data visualization databases business analysis business intelligence (bi) microsoft sql server machine learning statistics microsoft power bi java finance shopee traveloka google facebook ctrip trip.com makemytrip grab amazon pandas (software) artificial intelligence (ai) information technology capital one accenture upwork deloitte mckinsey bain microsoft uber lyft gojek lazada alibaba shopify expedia skyscanner

Equal Opportunity Employer 

At Agoda, we pride ourselves on being a company represented by people of all different backgrounds and orientations. We prioritize attracting diverse talent and cultivating an inclusive environment that encourages collaboration and innovation. Employment at Agoda is based solely on a person’s merit and qualifications. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity regardless of sex, age, race, color, national origin, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, citizenship, veteran or military status, and other legally protected characteristics.

We will keep your application on file so that we can consider you for future vacancies and you can always ask to have your details removed from the file. For more details please read our privacy policy .

To all recruitment agencies: Agoda does not accept third party resumes. Please do not send resumes to our jobs alias, Agoda employees or any other organization location. Agoda is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
About the job
#WeAreCrowdStrike and our mission is to stop breaches. As a global leader in cybersecurity, our team changed the game. Since our inception, our market leading cloud-native platform has offered unparalleled protection against the most sophisticated cyberattacks. We’re looking for people with limitless passion, a relentless focus on innovation and a fanatical commitment to the customer to join us in shaping the future of cybersecurity. Consistently recognized as a top workplace, CrowdStrike is committed to cultivating an inclusive, remote-first culture that offers people the autonomy and flexibility to balance the needs of work and life while taking their career to the next level. Interested in working for a company that sets the standard and leads with integrity? Join us on a mission that matters - one team, one fight.

Field Competitive Intelligence Analyst, Americas (Remote CT/MT) 

About The Role

As a Field Competitive Intelligence Analyst, you will support the CrowdStrike Sales and Executive Teams. You will work and support the CTO Labs and Field CTO Teams team at CrowdStrike. The Field CI team’s mission is to identify & deliver key competitive differentiators to support the international growth of customers, new markets, and TAM. This includes driving strategy through cross functional collaboration across the company including Product, Sales, Marketing, and more.

As the Field CI Analyst, you will be responsible for creating and communicating the company’s competitive differentiation strategy on a regional basis and working closely with the company’s product CTO’s, Product Managers and Field functions on a regular basis. You will also work closely with other groups within CrowdStrike, which includes: marketing, value management, legal and corporate affairs teams.

This role reports to the Manager, Competitive Intelligence Strategy. With your extensive cybersecurity background and your ability to think and operate at a strategic level, you will drive CrowdStrike’s technical vision and strategy and support on strategic engagements across the CrowdStrike organization.

What You'll Do

Support current customers and new customers by sharing CrowdStrike’s key competitive value differentiators, supporting the positioning of CrowdStrike as the leading thought leader for Cybersecurity with customers, partners, and analysts.
Driving and communicating CrowdStrike’s technology strategy to customers and partners as well as industry events.
Maintaining an in-depth knowledge of the cyber security industry, the competitive landscape and related industry developments to ensure we continue to be thought leaders who innovate ahead of the market.
Using stakeholders’ feedback to inform necessary improvements and adjustments to technology.
Focusing on technology improvements that will improve competitive positioning of the CrowdStrike products.
Providing recommendations for continuous improvement.

What You'll Need

Deep technical and operations skills in understanding the capabilities (strengths and weaknesses) of competitor offerings.
Strong analytical and communication skills to allow translation of competitive differentiation points into contextually relevant talking points.
Demonstrate a deep and broad knowledge of security issues and trends and are able to articulate a high-level security strategy to both technical and non-technical audiences.
Working in a role such as or similar to Competitive Strategist, Strategic Consultant, Enterprise Security Architect.
Experience with/exposure to Endpoint Security, Cloud Security, SIEM/Log Management, Mobile Security, Identity Security, Incident Response as well as other cyber security domains.
Regional travel is expected on a limited basis.

Benefits Of Working At CrowdStrike

Remote-first culture
Market leader in compensation and equity awards
Competitive vacation and flexible working arrangements 
Comprehensive and inclusive health benefits
Physical and mental wellness programs
Paid parental leave, including adoption 
A variety of professional development and mentorship opportunities
Offices with stocked kitchens when you need to fuel innovation and collaboration

We are committed to fostering a culture of belonging where everyone feels seen, heard, valued for who they are and empowered to succeed. Our approach to cultivating a diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture is rooted in listening, learning and collective action. By embracing the diversity of our people, we achieve our best work and fuel innovation - generating the best possible outcomes for our customers and the communities they serve.

CrowdStrike is committed to maintaining an environment of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action. If you need reasonable accommodation to access the information provided on this website, please contact Recruiting@crowdstrike.com , for further assistance.

CrowdStrike participates in the E-Verify program.

Notice of E-Verify Participation

Right to Work

CrowdStrike, Inc. is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in the U.S. is $135,000 - $200,000 per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

CrowdStrike Canada ULC is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in Canada is $130,000 - $220,000 CAD per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

Expected Close Date of Job Posting is:03-23-2024
About the job
Job Summary

Closing Date: March 1, 2024

The Analyst, Data & Information, reporting to the Manager, Asset Development – Schaft Creek, will support GIS and data management on Schaft Creek Project. The position is based in Vancouver, Canada.

The candidate should be proficient with industry leading database and GIS applications, have a solid understanding of information and file management procedures and guidelines, and will facilitate continuous improvement and innovations in acquisition, storage, management, access, integration, and analysis of a wide range of spatial and time series data. The candidate should have a general understanding of Geoscience and Environmental Data Management. A demonstrable ability to collaborate with and contribute to strong multidisciplinary teams is crucial, as well as maintaining good relationships across similar disciplines within and outside of Teck.

Responsibilities

Be a courageous safety leader, adhere to and sponsor safety and environmental standards
Provide technical support and training for end-users of GIS software, including production of technical instructional guides and manuals, delivering training material and documenting workflows as require
Act as an administrator in Teck’s ArcGIS Online system, maintaining data/metadata standards and naming conventions, production and maintenance of web maps and web applications. Maintaining system and database health, license allocation and addressing issues as they arise
Support design and implementation of data management and integration workflows, queries, automated on-line technical and business reporting, and other methods of providing content to users in a balanced and scalable manner from multiple data types and sources including a variety of technical data, information and content types including: GIS, IoT sensors, maps, geologic sections, photos/videos, vector models, remote sensing data, satellite imagery, environmental and social baseline, virtual reality, documents and relevant administrative and commercial data etc
Collaborate with office, field and operations-based employees to understand business objectives and to provide guidance and advice for the efficient, appropriate and cost-effective management of project information throughout its lifecycle
Support implementation of new data capture tools as appropriate maximizing mobile and cloud solutions where possible and appropriate to facilitate real-time coordinated data driven decision making
Perform quality assurance on generated results to carry out data integrity and ensure metadata and spatial data standards are maintained
Administer enterprise database systems for drilling and sampling (acQuire), spatial GIS content (ESRI), 3D modelling (Leapfrog Central) and other related content (SharePoint, etc) where applicable
Assist with design and implementation of automated workflows, on-line technical and business reporting as required via the use of enterprise business intelligence tools
Support the development of O365 standards and best practices to ensure effective and appropriate use of tools
Understand how to set goals and prioritize tasks in order to achieve business results
Seek out and advises on trends in new technologies and best practices in GIS data management and makes recommendations on value added spatial initiatives
Promote the company’s commitment to sustainability, the environment and health and safety, leads by example, and demonstrates honesty and sincerity and openness to feedback
Build a culture of teamwork across all constituents and stakeholders and encourages cooperation and open communication
Foster a culture of open communication, focuses on building relationships across the organization and with external and internal partners, and invest in developing talent within the organization by providing recognition, challenge and mentorship 

The above accountabilities are representative of the nature and level of work assigned and are not necessarily all-inclusive.

Qualifications

At least 3 years experience in GIS and database applications at an advanced level. Specific experience in the resource industry would be an asset
Bachelor in Earth Sciences or Geoscience discipline and/or specialized certification in GIS. A post-graduate degree is considered an asset
Experience and proficiency with SQL databases is required (implementation, management, querying). Knowledge of python scripting is preferred
Experience developing custom apps and tools including roll-out, education and sustainment planning
Strong communication (both written and verbal) and interpersonal skills are required. Proven ability to work effectively within numerous diverse teams
Able to work with minimal supervision; results orientated with excellent organizational, planning, prioritization, problem solving and execution skills
Ability to travel from time to time as needed
Specific software suite abilities preferred for the role are:
Experience with ESRI’s Arc Enterprise systems is strongly preferred including implementation and management of ESRI spatial data environments and related tools (e.g ArcMap, ArcPro, Portal, ArcGIS online)
Extensive experience within the Power Platform, including PowerApps, PowerAutomate, O365 and SharePoint
Knowledge of mobile field collection platforms including ArcGIS Collector, Field maps and Survey123
Experience in data analytical and dashboarding programs including Power BI and ArcGIS Insights
Experience with spatial data querying and processing especially within the ESRI environment is preferred
Experience with FME (server and desktop) for spatial file conversion and automation tasks
Experience and skills in other relevant GIS and 3D software (ioGAS, Leapfrog, Krux, Imago, MX Deposit)

Why Join Us?

At Teck, we offer more than just a job – we provide a pathway to personal and professional enrichment. With captivating projects set against stunning backdrops, a culture of inclusivity and collaboration, and boundless opportunities to learn and grow, joining us means embracing a fulfilling and dynamic career adventure.

Benefits

Teck employees receive access to our total rewards program and comprehensive benefits package that promote physical, mental, financial, and emotional well-being. This includes but is not limited to:

 Completion bonus
 Health Spending Account
 Extended Health Care including Vision
 Life Insurance
 Paid Vacation and Holidays
 Virtual Telemedicine and additional support for overall well-being
 Employee and Family Assistance Program (EFAP)

Salary Range: $80,000 - $99,000

The actual base salary offered is determined based on the successful candidate’s relevant experience, skills, and competencies and considers internal equity.

About Teck

At Teck, we value diversity. Our teams work collaboratively and respect each person’s unique perspective and contribution. Qualified applicants interested in joining a dynamic team are encouraged to submit a resume and cover letter electronically. We wish to thank all applicants for their interest and effort in applying for the position; however, only candidates selected for interviews will be contacted.

Teck is a diversified resource company committed to responsible mining and mineral development with major business units focused on copper, steelmaking coal and zinc, as well as investments in energy assets. Teck has been named one of Canada’s Top 100 Employers for seven consecutive years. Teck has also been named to the Forbes list of the World’s Best Employers for the past two years and is one of Canada's Top Employers for Young People. Headquartered in Vancouver, Canada, its shares are listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbols TECK.A and TECK.B and the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol TECK.

Learn more about Teck at www.teck.com or follow @TeckResources
About the job
Everest Clinical Research (“Everest”) is a full-service contract research organization (CRO) providing a broad range of expertise-based clinical research services to worldwide pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device industries. We serve some of the best-known companies and work with many of the most advanced drugs, biologics, and medical devices in development today.

Everest has been an independent CRO since 2004 with a strong foundation as a statistical and data management center of excellence. Building on this foundation, Everest has successfully developed and established itself as a full-service CRO. Everest’s headquarters are located in Markham (Greater Toronto Area), Ontario, Canada with additional sites in Bridgewater (Greater New York City Area), New Jersey, USA, and Shanghai (Pudong Zhangjiang New District), China.

Everest is known in the industry for its high quality deliverables, superior customer service, and flexibility in meeting clients’ needs. A dynamic organization with an entrepreneurial origin, Everest continues to experience exceptional growth and great success.

Quality is our backbone, customer-focus is our tradition, flexibility is our strength…that’s us…that’s Everest.

To drive continued success in this exciting clinical research field, we are seeking committed, skilled, and customer-focused individuals to join our winning team as Biostatisticians for our Toronto/Markham, Ontario, Canada on-site location, or remotely from a home-based office anywhere in Canada in accordance with our Work from Home policy.

Key Accountabilities

 Leadership and Project Management:

Participate and/or lead efforts in resolving day-to-day work-related issues and problems, securing quality, and improving efficiency and productivity of statistical and programming operations.
Assist the Lead Biostatistician and/or Lead Programmer on assigned projects by applying project management skills and statistical and programming techniques; achieve quality and on‑time delivery of deliverables and earn client’s trust and repeat business.
Assist the Lead Biostatistician and/or Lead Programmer for a developmental program with more than one or two trials, coordinating with other Biostatisticians and Programmers, as well as project/program overall management personnel, to achieve program objectives.

Statistical Planning And Methodologies

Under supervision, provide statistical expertise for design, analysis, and reporting of clinical trials and research projects.
Write statistical sections of study protocols, perform sample size calculation, develop randomization specifications, and generate randomization codes.
Write Statistical Analysis Plans (SAPs) and properly address quality control (QC) review comments.
Create and maintain Statistical and Programming QC and Quality Assurance Plans for assigned projects or programs.
Provide input to unblinded data management plan when required.
Participate in research and development of statistical methodologies and processes.

Statistical Programming

Develop and/or review SDTM and ADaM dataset specifications.
Perform statistical programming to either build analysis datasets and generate statistical tables, listings, and graphs (TLGs) or perform QC validation of these datasets and TLGs.
Participate in statistical dry runs and final run by actively participating or contributing to project and resources management, addressing statistical and programming questions and interacting with data management to follow-up and resolve data issues.
Develop SDTM Study Data Reviewer’s Guide, discuss and incorporate Data Standards Reviewer’s review comments to ensure quality of the document.
Develop ADaM Analysis Data Reviewer’s Guide, discuss and incorporate Data Standards Reviewer’s review comments to ensure quality of the document.

Statistical Analysis And Reporting, Publication Support

Perform statistical modeling and analyses, implement new statistical analysis methods and strategies.
Perform statistical analysis as per SAP, and address peer/QC review comments and findings.
Perform statistical validation of study results, address additional QC validation comments and findings on the results.
Plan and conduct or contribute to the trial results reporting/dissemination meetings.
Contribute to the contents describing any deviation from the planned analysis and deviation from study conduct for the Clinical Study Report (CSR). Review CSR to ensure accuracy, completeness, and appropriateness of the interpretation of the statistical results.
Write statistical report or statistical sections of the CSR or perform peer review of the contents.
Perform statistical analyses for publications, including but not limited to abstracts, manuscripts, presentations, and posters.

Supporting Clinical Data Collection And Cleaning 

Provide statistical input to Case Report Forms (CRF) design and database/variable structure.
Provide statistical input to non-CRF data collection and acquisition methods and approaches.
Review Data Management Plan sections relating to critical data collection and cleaning. Provide statistical input to Data Validation Specification.
Specify and/or program database quality acceptance checks, assess and report data quality issues, and follow through until resolution.
Perform ongoing assessment and communication of data quality issues, including protocol deviations.
Assist data management and trial management team in preparing for database lock.
Perform Assigned QC Tasks to Ensure High Quality and Timely IWRS Services (Interactive Web-Based Response System, a Randomization and Drug Supply Management System):
These QC tasks include, but are not limited to, the following: QC review of the IWRS user requirement documents and user acceptance test (UAT) plans and results, participate in the UAT processes, and ongoing monitoring of the IWRS applications.
Complete job-required and project-specific training. Comply with applicable Everest and trial Sponsor’s Policies, Standard Operating Procedures, and Working Instructions.

Properly archive study files in accordance with trial Sponsor’s requirements.

Plan and carry out professional development activities.

For new Biostatisticians to the company, SAS training in the local programming environment will be provided by the internal SAS programmers. Intensive SAS programming for statistical analysis and the generation of statistical TLGs will be a requirement for the first year on the job. Hands on key data management activities such as participation in the writing of Data Management Plans, reviewing of data queries, and cleaning up databases, will also be a requirement for the first year on the job.

Qualifications And Experience

A Ph.D. degree in statistical science, mathematical analysis or related fields

OR

A Master’s degree plus at least 2 years highly relevant experience, with demonstrated ability and sustained performance.

To find out more about Everest Clinical Research and to review other opportunities, please visit our website at www.ecrscorp.com.

We thank all interested applicants, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted.

Everest is committed to upholding the principles of dignity, independence, integration, and equal opportunity. We welcome and encourage applications from people with disabilities, and upon request we will provide accommodations for candidates participating in any part of our recruitment and selection process.
About the job
Affirm is reinventing credit to make it more honest and friendly, giving consumers the flexibility to buy now and pay later without any hidden fees or compounding interest.

What You’ll Do

Work closely with the Capital Markets team to evaluate, structure and price consumer asset-backed transactions
Develop and enhance capital structuring and pricing models tailored to Affirm’s consumer loan portfolio to enable efficient deal execution
Build quantitative models to analyze and predict the performance of Affirm’s consumer loans
Provide insights on capital markets deals to cross-functional teams for more optimal and efficient funding strategy and merchant pricing
Partner cross-functionally with our Capital Markets, Treasury, Merchant Pricing, Credit, Commercial, Product and Engineering teams to evaluate funding, product, and business decisions

What We Look For

4+ years of relevant experience structuring asset-backed transactions, forecasting consumer loan performance, and/or building quantitative models
Experience with industry-standard tools such as Intex/Bloomberg and working with accountants, rating agencies, and internal/external partners
Experience with SQL, Python, or other scripting languages
Strong interpersonal and communication skills, and ability to collaborate and influence across different teams in the organization
A proactive leader that can seek out new opportunities, drive projects, navigate ambiguity and develop creative solutions with minimal guidance
Desire to understand the broader context of business decisions

Pay Grade - CAN29

Employees new to Affirm or promoted into a new role, typically begin in the min to mid range.

CAN Base Pay Range Per Year

Min: $105,300

Mid: $131,600

Max: $157,900

Affirm is proud to be a remote-first company! The majority of our roles are remote and you can work almost anywhere within the country of employment. Affirmers in proximal roles have the flexibility to work remotely, but will occasionally be required to work out of their assigned Affirm office. A limited number of roles remain office-based due to the nature of their job responsibilities.

Benefits

We’re extremely proud to offer competitive benefits that are anchored to our core value of people come first. Some key highlights of our benefits package include:

 Health care coverage - Affirm covers all premiums for all levels of coverage for you and your dependents 
 Flexible Spending Wallets - generous stipends for spending on Technology, Food, various Lifestyle needs, and family forming expenses 
 Time off - competitive vacation and holiday schedules allowing you to take time off to rest and recharge 
 ESPP - An employee stock purchase plan enabling you to buy shares of Affirm at a discount 

We believe It’s On Us to provide an inclusive interview experience for all, including people with disabilities. We are happy to provide reasonable accommodations to candidates in need of individualized support during the hiring process.

[For U.S. positions that could be performed in Los Angeles or San Francisco] Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance and Los Angeles Fair Chance Initiative for Hiring Ordinance, Affirm will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records.

By clicking "Submit Application," you acknowledge that you have read the Affirm Employment Privacy Policy for applicants within the United States, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Poland) for applicants applying from Poland, the EU Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data (Spain) for applicants applying from Spain, or the Affirm U.K. Limited Employee Notice Regarding Use of Personal Data for applicants applying from the United Kingdom, and hereby freely and unambiguously give informed consent to the collection, processing, use, and storage of your personal information as described therein.
About the job
Opentext - The Information Company

As the Information Company, our mission at OpenText is to create software solutions and deliver services that redefine the future of digital. Be part of a winning team that leads the way in Enterprise Information Management.

The Opportunity

OpenText is looking for a strong candidate to be part of a diverse team responsible for the technical solution delivery of the SuccessFactors (HR System of Record) Recruiting and Onboarding.

This individual will report to the Director, IT- HR & Comp, and be able to effectively interact with the business partners and technical and operational resources.

This candidate will be an integral part of information systems development and integration for the OpenText IT Enterprise Applications organization.

You Are Great At

The Lead Systems Analyst will have the following responsibilities:

Lead the project delivery keeping multiple projects on track for a company and ensuring they are completed on time and according to specifications.
Led the implementation of Onboarding 2.0 and Phenom.
Lead M&A mass onboarding of acquisition employees and entities, integrations with other legacy HR, financial, and payroll applications, etc.
Support M&A activity to accelerate the planning and consolidation of core capabilities and applications such as employee migration, payroll, and benefit harmonization. 
Participate and lead Blueprint and design workshops with Business and IT Solution Architect. 
Responsible for transitioning solutions from a project delivery to an operational model coordinating with the IT Ent Apps Operations Team Lead.
Evaluate new systems and coordinate with the Solution Architect to formulate detailed plans to add new systems to the existing core infrastructure.
Enforce enterprise IT policies, procedures, and compliance within the HR IT work structure.
Create and maintain supporting technical documents about the platform and process.

What It Takes

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in relevant discipline
Minimum 8 years experience with the SuccessFactors RCM, RMK, ONB 1.0 and ONB 2.0
Certified in SuccessFactors RCM and ONB
Experience with full cycle (end-to-end) implementations of SuccessFactors Recruiting and Onboarding Module
Strong understanding of SuccessFactors Employee Central
Experience with Phenom is preferred.
Self-starter that can work effectively as part of a team or individual contributor.
Strong skills, including analytical thinking, problem-solving, and superior communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills.

OpenText's efforts to build an inclusive work environment go beyond simply complying with applicable laws. Our Employment Equity and Diversity Policy provides direction on maintaining a working environment that is inclusive of everyone, regardless of culture, national origin, race, color, gender, gender identification, sexual orientation, family status, age, veteran status, disability, religion, or other basis protected by applicable laws. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or recruiting process, please contact us at hr@opentext.com.
About the job
JOB TITLE: Senior HR Systems Analyst
INDUSTRY: Agriculture
SIZE: 2500+ Employees
LOCATION: Winnipeg, Manitoba
STATUS: Full-Time / In-Person

Join the head office of one of Winnipeg’s most prolific companies as their Senior HR Systems Analyst. You’ll play an integral role in the design, development, configuration, implementation, and optimization of the core human resources system (Workday) in alignment with the company’s HR strategy and business needs. If you’re an HR expert with strong analytical skills and technical acumen, send your resume to Marny today! 

WHY WORK WITH THIS COMPANY?
This highly respected, impactful Manitoba company offers an excellent compensation package consisting of competitive salary, pension, a flexible benefits plan to suit you and your family’s needs, and ongoing training and development opportunities to help you take your career to new heights. Enjoy working in a beautiful downtown office surrounded by local eateries, shops, and cultural hubs.

YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES AS AN HR SYSTEMS ANALYST:
* Liaise with stakeholders to translate business requirements into system solutions.
* Develop and implement business processes and workflows for manager and employee self-service.
* Research and resolve HRIS problems, unexpected results, or process flaws; perform scheduled activities; recommend solutions or alternate methods to meet requirement needs.
* System configuration, data management, and end-user system support. 
* Create analytics, dashboards, and reporting utilizing complex queries.
* Perform ongoing maintenance including future enhancements and regression testing for new releases.

WHAT WE’RE LOOKING FOR IN AN HR SYSTEMS ANALYST:
* 5–7+ years related experience in human resources, benefits payroll, or HR information systems
* Experience as an HR systems specialist or analyst preferred
* Degree or diploma in a related field such as Human Resources, Business Administration, Payroll or Benefits Administration preferred
* Strong analytical skills to troubleshoot and build business processes and workflows 
* Demonstrated proficiency with MS Excel at an advanced level with a high degree of accuracy
* Familiarity with Workday is a strong asset
* Strong communication skills; can clearly translate technical needs into system requirements
* Experience with process re-engineering and implementing innovative solutions

APPLY NOW!
Send a resume (quoting job number #21284) to Marny Barnes, Senior IT Recruitment Division Leader at mbarnes@pinnacle.jobs

ABOUT PINNACLE:
Does your current job harness your full potential? As a leading recruitment firm in Manitoba with 25 industry-specialized recruiters, Pinnacle can help. Think of Pinnacle as a personal shopper: First, we get to know you — your experience, skills, career goals, and desired work culture. Next, we pick the best career opportunities from an exclusive list, many of which you will never see advertised. 

Finally, once you (and our clients) have found a perfect fit, Pinnacle helps you with the details to ensure a smooth transition. Best of all, we offer this service at no cost to you. When you’re prepared to take the next step in your career, Pinnacle will be ready.

Please be advised, Pinnacle is unable to provide sponsorships for applicants outside of Canada.
 Still searching for opportunities? If this Senior HR Systems Analyst isn’t the right fit, our recruiters are seeking talent for plenty of other jobs in Canada. Visit our website where we post exciting new openings every week.
About the job
Description

Join our team

Here's the impact you'll make and what we'll accomplish together

Are you interested in creating the future of work?

At TELUS, we’re looking for bright people that like solving big problems. And as part of the People & Culture team, you tackle all kinds. We are as passionate about our team as we are about our customers and we’re looking for people that radiate this passion.

Here’s what we believe:


We break down silos - by bringing together multiple business units for great outcomes
We challenge the status quo – and when others think we’re done, we make it better
We live up to our commitments – to ourselves, our friends, family, peers, leaders, partners and customers
Our success is all about how we do things – how we think, solve problems, communicate, and deliver


Here's the impact you'll make!

In this role, you wear several hats: part consultant, part analyst and part driver. You will work with our sales teams across TELUS to advise business leaders on people solutions that support their business goals. In addition to building your network in a wide stakeholder group, you will get to flex your analytical acumen and creativity by developing, designing and implementing new sales incentive programs to better support our sales teams.

Your counsel is equal parts logic, analysis and strategy. You have a natural curiosity and appreciate continuous improvement, while harvesting learnings to enhance our business and team.

If this sounds like you, read on…

Here's How


Act as a trusted partners to Business leaders and the People & Culture team; consult and advise on Sales Incentive strategies and execution tactics to elevate our winning culture as a sustainable competitive advantage
Provide thought leadership, market intelligence and best practice to clients on sales incentive topics to improve organizational capability
Manage the annual conversations around Sales Incentive strategy at TELUS, driving timely decisions on enhancements to pay structures across a variety of roles while ensuring all relevant stakeholders are fully engaged
Drive regular governance forums to ensure alignment in decision making between P&C, Finance, Marketing and Sales
Support monthly pay processing cycles to ensure team members are being paid timely and accurately
Foster a continuous improvement mindset; continually look for opportunities to increase the ROI of people programs and ways to improve the internal client experience and drive a culture of appreciation


Qualifications

You're the missing piece of the puzzle


Analyst: strong business and financial acumen, including experience using financial modeling skills to create sound business cases
Problem solver: the fundamentals of taking a problem, examining the challenge, building recommendations and executing on those recommendations
Compelling communicator: clear, concise and influential in all aspects of communication
Consultant: exceptional collaboration, relationship management, influencing and negotiation skills, including compelling storytelling and presentation to executive audiences, and advanced stakeholder management
Big thinker: strategic, critical and creative
Driver: proven track record leading and delivering on multiple, complex initiatives simultaneously from creation to tactical implementation
Decisive: grounded in data where there’s more than your gut
Experienced change management lead: end-to-end ownership of large scale initiatives
A Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience and education
Demonstrated experience influencing executives including VPs and Senior Vice Presidents


Great-to-haves


Love a fast-pace environment: comfortable in continuously changing, dynamic environments
Lifelong learner: dissatisfied with the status quo and continually growing personal capabilities
Talent developer with proven track record of developing and retaining a diverse team
Exposure to a B2B marketing or sales environment 
3-5 years’ experience in a financial or analytical environment, including budget management
About the job
Renseignements généraux

Vous avez envie d’action ? De travailler au sein d’une équipe dynamique ? De participer à l’amélioration de la qualité de vie des Québécoises et des Québécois ? Saisissez cette occasion de mettre de l’avant votre implication et votre créativité afin de faire concrètement la différence. Le ministère des Transports et de la Mobilité durable (le Ministère) vous offre notamment un milieu de vie qui privilégie de nouvelles pratiques de gestion audacieuses et mieux adaptées aux réalités de la nouvelle génération. Grâce à l’approche Entreprise en santé, le Ministère est soucieux de la qualité de vie au travail de son personnel et désire offrir un milieu collaboratif, mobilisateur et respectueux, qui favorise la santé et le mieux-être des personnes. Laissez-vous transporter vers de nouveaux défis et joignez-vous au ministère des Transports et de la Mobilité durable !

Vous êtes à la recherche d’une opportunité exceptionnelle pour développer votre carrière et vous aimeriez contribuer à l’essor de l’intelligence artificielle dans le domaine des transports ? Rejoignez-nous aujourd’hui et faites partie d’une équipe passionnée qui écrira une nouvelle page de l’ère numérique!

 Analyste des données 

 Direction générale : Direction générale des ressources informationnelles et de la transformation numérique (DGRITN) 
 Direction générale adjointe : Direction générale adjointe de la gouvernance, de la sécurité informationnelle et de l’intelligence artificielle 
 Direction : Direction de la gouvernance des données et de l’intelligence artificielle (DGDIA) 
 Nombre d’emplois à pourvoir : 1 
 Statut de l’emploi : Régulier 
 Lieu de travail : 900 boulevard René-Lévesque Est, Québec* 
 Télétravail : en mode hybride 
 Horaire de travail : 35 heures par semaine 
 Date prévue d’entrée en fonction : Février 2024 
Étant un ministère qui œuvre partout sur le territoire et considérant la situation actuelle, nous avons l’opportunité de pourvoir cet emploi dans n’importe quelle région où il se trouve un bureau du ministère des Transports et la Mobilité durable

 Les défis que nous vous proposons 

La DGDIA est une toute nouvelle direction qui a la responsabilité de coordonner la gouvernance et la valorisation des données pour le Ministère et d’assurer le développement de l’automatisation et de l’intelligence artificielle aux différents secteurs d’affaires. Chez nous, vous trouverez un environnement de travail stimulant, des possibilités d’apprentissage en continu, une culture organisationnelle axée sur l’excellence et un climat de travail des plus agréables. Votre prochaine grande aventure professionnelle commence ici! En tant qu’analyste des données, vous serez responsable de la collecte, de l’analyse et de l’interprétation des données dans le contexte de projets d’intelligence artificielle. Dans votre rôle, vous aurez à :

 Analyser les besoins, les préoccupations, les enjeux et les problématiques de la gestion des données au Ministère ; 
 Définir, concevoir et mettre en place des mesures et des indicateurs liés à la gestion des données au Ministère ; 
 Tenir des registres précis des activités liées aux données, des méthodes utilisées et des résultats obtenus afin de garantir la reproductibilité et la transparence des travaux ; 
 Participer au choix des caractéristiques et variables les plus pertinentes à inclure dans les modèles afin d’améliorer les performances de l’intelligence artificielle ; 
 Promouvoir les bonnes pratiques, les normes et les standards au sein des solutions d’intelligence artificielle pour répondre au besoin de visualisation et de présentation de l’information ; 
 Garantir la qualité des résultats obtenus et contribuer à la certification des produits informationnels en soutenant la standardisation des méthodes d’exploitation des données ; 
 Assurer le lien de la gestion des données entre les secteurs d’affaires et les RI ; 
 Participer, en collaboration avec les ressources informationnelles, à la création des produits informationnels afin de permettre une utilisation conviviale et documenter les portées de ceux-ci. 

 Les avantages de travailler au ministère des Transports et de la Mobilité durable 

 Régime de retraite à prestations déterminées avantageux ; 
 Régime d’assurances collectives ; 
 20 jours de vacances après seulement un an de service et 13 jours fériés ; 
 Mesures de conciliation travail et vie personnelle ; 
 Horaire variable ; 
 Sécurité d’emploi ; 
 Programme d’aide aux employés (PAE) ; 
 Programme de soutien aux études ; 
 Service de formation et de développement au sein de l’organisation ; 
 Soutien financier à la pratique d’activités physiques. 

 Salaire annuel : 

51 776 $ à 90 110 $ selon l’expérience

L’échelle salariale peut être consultée sur le site Web du Secrétariat du Conseil du trésor . À l’embauche, l’échelon sera déterminé en fonction de l’expérience du candidat.

La rémunération est déterminée en fonction de la pertinence de votre scolarité et de vos expériences en lien avec l’emploi. Par conséquent, il est important de bien les détailler dans votre formulaire d’inscription qui servira de référence.

Profil recherché

 Les qualités que nous recherchons : 

 S’adapter facilement aux changements et aimer le travail en équipe ; 
 Faire preuve d’autonomie, de créativité et d’initiative ; 
 Démontrer un excellent sens de l’organisation et une grande rigueur ; 
 Posséder une excellente connaissance de la langue française parlée et écrite. 

 La personne recherchée doit satisfaire aux exigences de l’emploi : 

 Détenir un diplôme universitaire de premier cycle dans le domaine de l’informatique, de l’administration ou dans un domaine jugé pertinent dont l’obtention requiert un minimum de 90 crédits ou une attestation d’études pertinentes dont l’équivalence est reconnue par l’autorité compétente. 1 

La candidature d’une personne qui est en voie de terminer la dernière année de scolarité exigée pour l’obtention du diplôme requis pourrait être considérée.

Chaque année de scolarité manquante peut être compensée par une année de scolarité pertinente de niveau égal ou supérieur à celle exigée. Le diplôme exigé peut également être compensé par une maîtrise dans une discipline pertinente comportant un minimum de 45 crédits.

 Posséder au moins une (1) année d’expérience comme analyste des données. 
 Avoir une connaissance du français appropriée aux fonctions ; 
 Posséder la citoyenneté canadienne, le statut de résident permanent ou un permis de travail émis par l’autorité fédérale compétente pour occuper un emploi dans la fonction publique du Québec². 

 Autres éléments du profil recherché : 

 Connaitre l’environnement informationnel et l’intelligence d’affaires en soutien aux besoins stratégiques, tactiques et opérationnels ; 
 Connaitre les outils d’analyse et d’exploitation des données pour des fins de production d’information, notamment : SQL de Oracle, Oracle PL/SQL, PostegreSQL, Microsoft PowerPivot, Power BI, Oracle Discoverer, Python/R et SSRS ; 

Ce ou ces postes sont à pourvoir dans la ou les villes suivantes : Toutes les régions du Québec

Modalités d'inscription

 Période d’inscription :  Du 17 janvier au 4 février 2024 à 23 h 59.

L’inscription doit obligatoirement s’effectuer à l’aide du formulaire d’inscription en ligne. Pour soumettre votre candidature, vous devez cliquer sur « Poser ma candidature ». À noter que vous devez enregistrer votre dossier et cliquer sur le bouton « Soumettre » pour confirmer votre inscription au processus de sélection.

Pour plus d’informations sur la procédure à suivre, pour remplir et transmettre le formulaire d’inscription en ligne, consultez Processus de sélection | Gouvernement du Québec (quebec.ca)

 Veuillez noter qu’il est de votre responsabilité de fournir un dossier complet et détaillé. Il est important  de bien : 

 Détailler votre scolarité ; 
 Détailler vos expériences de travail, notamment en inscrivant votre emploi actuel et vos emplois antérieurs ; 
 Indiquer, à l’aide du menu déroulant de la section « Exigences et atouts », si vous détenez les exigences de l’emploi et atouts spécifiques indiqués à la section « Profil recherché » (si applicable). C’est notamment avec cette information que les candidatures répondant le mieux au profil recherché seront repérées. Lorsque vous aurez soumis votre candidature, les informations contenues dans le formulaire ne pourront plus être modifiées ; 
 Joindre toutes les pièces justificatives appuyant votre candidature. 

 Aucun curriculum vitae n’est accepté ni aucune candidature transmise par courriel. 

 Veuillez noter que seules les personnes retenues pour une entrevue seront contactées. 

 Des questions ? Nous y répondrons avec grand plaisir ! 

 Informations sur le processus de sélection 

Yoan Cyr – Conseiller en attraction des talents -

yoan.cyr@transports.gouv.qc.ca

 Informations sur les attributions de l’emploi 

Reine-Bernadette Youan, Directrice, DGDIA

reine-bernadette.youan@transports.gouv.qc.ca

 Informations sur les modalités d’inscription en ligne : 

Si vous éprouvez des difficultés à postuler en ligne ou si vous croyez nécessaire d’apporter des modifications à votre formulaire pendant la période d’inscription, vous pouvez communiquer avec le Centre d’assistance en dotation pour la région de Québec, au 418 528-7157, ou ailleurs au Québec, au numéro sans frais au 1 866 672-3460.

La fonction publique du Québec applique des mesures d’accès à l’égalité en emploi à l’intention des membres des minorités visibles, des membres des minorités ethniques, des personnes handicapées, des personnes autochtones et des femmes.

1- Pour être considérée, toute scolarité effectuée hors du Canada doit faire l’objet d’une évaluation comparative (attestation d’équivalence) délivrée par le ministère de l’Immigration, de la Francisation et de l’Intégration (MIFI).

2- Une personne en attente de la preuve de son statut de résident permanent ou d’un permis de travail peut soumettre sa candidature au présent processus de sélection. Toutefois, elle devra être autorisée à travailler légalement au Canada au moment de sa nomination.

 Apprends-en davantage sur nous : 

 FAIRE CARRIÈRE AU MINISTÈRE DES TRANSPORTS ET DE LA MOBILITÉ DURABLE 

Les défis à relever sont nombreux et stimulants. Intervenant de premier plan dans l’économie du Québec, le Ministère a pour mission et mandat d’assurer, sur l’ensemble de son territoire, la mobilité durable des personnes et des marchandises par des systèmes de transport efficaces et sécuritaires. Vaste organisation, le Ministère emploie plus de 8 500 personnes et gère 31 000 kilomètres de routes et 11 000 structures. Concrètement, le Ministère entretient, rend sécuritaires, conçoit et bâtit les vastes réseaux de transport maritime, ferroviaire, aérien et routier du Québec tout en innovant et en respectant l’environnement.

 LA DIRECTION DE LA GOUVERNANCE DES DONNÉES ET DE L’INTELLIGENCE ARTIFICIELLE (DVGDIA) 

La DGDIA conseille la haute direction et les utilisateurs sur l’utilisation optimale des données et des technologies d’IA. Son mandat est de développer, améliorer, entretenir et exploiter les technologies de l’information liées aux données et à l’IA pour soutenir la mission du Ministère et répondre à ses besoins. La direction élabore et promeut des normes, politiques et directives pour l’automatisation et l’utilisation responsable de l’IA, veillant à l’intégrité et à la sécurité des données. Elle encourage l’innovation en promouvant l’adoption de nouvelles technologies et en favorisant l’échange d’idées. Elle assure un rôle de surveillance pour s’assurer que l’utilisation des données et de l’IA respecte les lois et politiques en vigueur, établissant des mécanismes de contrôle et de vérification.

Visitez notre site Web Emplois au Quebec.ca/emplois-transports
About the job
Overview

The Commerce Systems team within Hexagon's Autonomy & Positioning division is looking for a Business & Data Analyst to join our high-tech engineering and manufacturing company that is committed to customer service excellence and continuous improvement. This is a fantastic opportunity to join a dynamic, fast-paced, highly collaborative team in driving tangible and measurable results. Reporting to Team Lead of Business & Data Analysis in the Commerce Systems team, you will interact with key business teams (primarily sales and marketing) while supporting, improving, and extending our commerce system capabilities across our autonomy and positioning portfolio.

The Location: Hexagon is a global company with locations around the world. This position is based onsite in Calgary, AB and we offer hybrid work once both training and onboarding are completed.

Responsibilities

As a Business & Data Analyst, responsibilities include:

 Business Analysis – Take on a BA role on feature definition by:
 Working with stakeholders to clarify business requirements, 
 Facilitate meetings and provide presentations to share ideas and findings 
 Translate stakeholder requirements into system requirements. 
 Become a liaison between business stakeholders and the technical team. 
 Support stakeholder training for new or enhanced systems or processes 
 Data Analysis, support the Commerce Systems team and our customers by
 Leveraging your system and data knowledge to to help find solutions to complex problems 
 Build or modify reports and dashboards that meet the stakeholders’ needs 
 Ensure documentation and support material are updated. 
 Documentation -
 Update processes and training documentation. 
 Defining, updating, and implementing processes. 
 Document and maintain system requirements over their lifecycle. 

Qualifications

Must-Have:

 Bachelor’s degree in computer science or equivalent with supporting business experience OR bachelor’s degree in business with supporting IS/technical project experience. 
 A minimum of 3 years’ business analysis or a related field. 
 Demonstrated experience in requirements elicitation and translation into effective stakeholder and system level requirements. 
 Excellent communicator, comfortable engaging with people at all levels of the organization. 
 Experience working with cross-functional teams to design and implement processes, workflow, and administrative optimizations, including demonstrated ability to work with a remote/offshore teams. 
 Experience in data analysis, report design, and development. 
 Excellent oral and written communication skills as it relates to presenting and relaying information in a clear, concise, and persuasive manner. 
 Solid understanding and experience with relational databases like SQL Server or Oracle, ability to write queries and perform data analysis. 
 Owns the outcome by taking personal accountability for delivering strong results. 

Key Success Factors:

 Able to work in a collaborative team environment. 
 Motivated by challenging work. 
 You are comfortable working individually but know when to ask for help. 
 You understand the importance of good data and up to date documentation. 

Nice-to-Have:

 Certified Business Analyst Professional (CBAP) or related Business Analyst certification 

Not sure if you meet all the qualifications for this role? Let us decide! At Hexagon, we are committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. If you’re excited about the opportunities this role could bring, we encourage you to apply. For any questions about the role or our company, please email our team at hrrecruitingteam.ap@hexagon.com and we will be pleased to follow up with you. Please do not send cover letters or resumes to this address.

The Company: Hexagon is a global leader in digital reality solutions, combining sensor, software, and autonomous technologies. We are putting data to work to boost efficiency, productivity, quality, and safety across industrial, manufacturing, infrastructure, public sector, and mobility applications. You’ll be joining over 22,000 people in 50 countries on the leading edge of your field.

This position is with Hexagon’s Autonomy & Positioning division, a global technology leader, pioneering end-to-end solutions for assured positioning and autonomy on land, sea, and air. Our work touches every aspect of life, from sustainability on Earth to enabling autonomy. Within the Autonomy & Positioning division your work will contribute to the operation of our brands NovAtel, AutonomouStuff, Veripos, and Antcom. Come see why we are recognized as one of Alberta's Top 75 Employers in 2020, 2021 and 2022!

Applicants who require accommodation in the job application process may contact Human Resources at hrrecruitingteam.ap@hexagon.com .
About the job
Marketing Statement

As the largest operating company in the integrated TransLink enterprise, Coast Mountain Bus Company (CMBC) operates a fleet of clean-fuel conventional and community shuttle buses, zero-emission trolley buses, and passenger ferry SeaBuses in Metro Vancouver, the largest single transit service area in Canada.

At CMBC, one of BC’s Top Employers, we're committed to providing an innovative, healthy, and engaging workforce. This is reflected in our workforce of over 5,500 employees performing over 400 unique jobs, who are committed and empowered to deliver service that attracts nearly 1.1 million passengers daily and connects people, businesses, and communities in the Metro Vancouver region.

We have the important job of helping our passengers get to work, appointments, visiting with family and friends, and back again every day. Metro Vancouver relies on us, and we take that as a point of pride.


Responsibilities

GENERAL ACCOUNTABILITY:

Represents the Asset Management Team in facilitating technical support and expertise in Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) applications and data analysis as it applies to Infrastructure Maintenance assets.

Work with departments to identify requirements, gather information, propose, and implement new procedures, applications, enhancements, system configuration changes, and liaise with BTS to ensure standards and procedures comply within company policy.

Coordinates with external support teams to ensure Asset Management and EAM organizational systems are functioning in accordance with business needs and requirements.

Provides guidance, expertise, and recommendations to various asset management stakeholders in CMBC and TransLink on various reporting systems, analytical tools, processes, and requirements to ensure information availability, quality, integrity, and reliability is maintained.

Conducts complex analysis, forecasting, reporting and documentation to improve effectiveness and to support continuous improvement of the Enterprise Asset Management systems for the division.

Provides training to various stakeholders on EAM reporting systems, analytical tools, processes, and requirements.

Participating in the conceptual workshops and providing technical insights for upgrading and advancement of Enterprise Asset Management Systems directly affecting the betterment of future versions.


Qualifications

EDUCATION:

The requirements of the job are typically acquired through a post-secondary diploma in a discipline related to Civil, Mechanical or Electrical Engineering, or Computer Science.

EXPERIENCE:

Up to three (3) years of hands-on experience in an industrial/utility or transportation environment with diverse and specialized infrastructure assets and systems; including experience coordinating and conducting the identification, cataloguing, geo-locating and maintenance of assets and configurations within a regulated environment; including the time on the job to become familiar with the company’s asset management procedures, standards, and safety requirement. Valid Class 5 BC Driver’s License required.


Work Schedule

37.5 hours per week.


Work Designation

Hybrid

This position offers the flexibility of working both on-site and remotely within B.C.


Rate of Pay

Salary $5,460 - $6,557 per month
(Actual salary offered will be commensurate with education, experience and internal parity).

The Total Compensation Package includes Extended Health, Dental, Transit Pass and enrollment in the Public Service Pension Plan. Focus on your development through tuition reimbursement, training, and mentorship programs. Enjoy a variety of health and wellness programs, including access to gym facilities. Speak to us to know more about what we offer.


How to Apply

Please click the 'Apply' button at the top right corner or go to https://www.translink.ca/About-Us/Careers.aspx to apply for this position and view instructions on the process.

INSTRUCTIONS: Please save your (1) cover letter, and your (2) resume as one pdf document prior to uploading your application on-line.

Posting Date: January 10, 2024
Closing Date: Open until filled

Please note that only those short listed will be contacted.


Equal Employment Opportunity

Coast Mountain Bus Company is committed to employment equity and building a diverse workforce, representative of the customers we serve and the many communities in the Metro Vancouver region. We welcome and encourage Indigenous applicants, people of color, all genders, 2SLGBTQ+ and persons with disabilities to apply. Learn more about TransLink's commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion.

Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. For a confidential inquiry, simply email us at jobs@coastmountainbus.com
About the job
Chez RONA, plus de 26 000 employé(e)s cultivent leur passion chaque jour. Nos équipes sont animées par la volonté d’aider nos clients à faire de leurs projets une réalité, et engagées à faire une différence dans les communautés où nous sommes établis.

Nous exploitons ou desservons quelque 450 magasins corporatifs et marchands affiliés indépendants. Grâce à une offre de produits et services unique et à des formats complémentaires allant des quincailleries de quartier aux magasins de grande surface, nos enseignes RONA, Lowe’s, Réno-Dépôt et Dick’s Lumber sont outillées pour répondre à tous les besoins des rénovateurs amateurs, des rénovateurs expérimentés et des professionnels de la construction.

Vous avez le talent? Nous avons les outils! Chez nous, votre travail et vos idées contribuent à bâtir une organisation florissante. Votre voix sera toujours entendue et valorisée. Vous trouverez des possibilités de carrière à la mesure de vos ambitions et pourrez développer encore davantage l’ensemble de compétences qui vous rend unique.

Si vous cherchez à faire ce que vous aimez, nous pourrions être parfaits l’un pour l’autre.

Nos attentes :

Relevant de la Cheffe, Performance et analytique - Chaîne d’approvisionnement, l’Analyste, Science des Données - Chaîne d'approvisionnement, joue un rôle essentiel pour aider l’équipe d’optimisation de la Chaîne d’approvisionnement dans son mandat visant à favoriser l’excellence opérationnelle et l’amélioration continue de la performance dans toutes les fonctions de la chaîne d’approvisionnement. La personne choisie sera responsable de fournir aux membres de la haute direction les outils nécessaires pour prendre des décisions éclairées en ce qui concerne les opérations de la chaîne d’approvisionnement. Elle devra contribuer au développement et à la maintenance d’outils de veille économique et à la création de tableaux de bord IRC pour diverses équipes de la chaîne d’approvisionnement, en plus d’utiliser son expertise technique en matière de flux de données et de divers ensembles de données.

Ce poste exige de solides compétences en matière de veille économique, de connaissances techniques et analytiques, ainsi qu’une capacité d’adaptation permettant de s’épanouir dans un environnement de chaîne d’approvisionnement en constante évolution.

Le rôle :

Générer et fournir des rapports complets et précis et créer des tableaux de bord visuellement attrayants à l’aide d’outils de veille économique (p.ex., Power BI)
Concevoir et mettre en œuvre des modèles de données qui répondent aux besoins de l’entreprise, en garantissant l’intégrité des données et en optimisant les structures pour assurer l’efficacité des interrogations et des rapports
Collaborer avec les leaders de l’entreprise et les équipes interfonctionnelles pour comprendre les besoins en matière de veille économique
Démontrer une maîtrise de SQL, de l’entreposage de données et des processus ETL
Élaborer et mettre en œuvre la stratégie de veille économique de l’organisation en fonction des objectifs de l’entreprise
Procéder à une analyse approfondie des données afin d’obtenir des informations exploitables pour une prise de décision éclairée
Traduire les besoins d’affaires en spécifications techniques pour des solutions de veille économique efficaces
Déterminer de manière proactive les occasions d’amélioration et d’optimisation des processus
Assurer le leadership dans le domaine de la veille économique, en offrant des conseils aux analystes débutant(e)s et aux membres de l’équipe
Agir en tant qu’expert(e) en la matière pour les projets de veille économique, en apportant expertise et conseils
Favoriser une culture de prise de décision fondée sur les données au sein de l’organisation

Les compétences que nous recherchons :

Baccalauréat en ingénierie, en informatique ou dans un domaine connexe
Au moins 5 années d’expérience dans la préparation des données, l’entreposage des données et les bases de données
Au moins 5 années d’expérience avec MS Power BI, MicroStrategy ou des plateformes de veille économique et d’analyse comparables
Connaissance avancée de SQL (connaissance de Python un atout)
Maîtrise de la suite Microsoft Office 365, y compris des fonctionnalités avancées d’Excel (tableaux croisés dynamiques, Power Query)
Connaissance avancée de Microsoft Access (tables, requêtes, macros) et connaissance intermédiaire des bases de données telles que SQL Server et Oracle
Capacité de gérer et de manipuler des ensembles de données, en veillant à l’intégrité des données
Expérience de l’exploration de données à partir de systèmes multiples, de la manipulation d’ensembles de données externes et internes
Expérience dans le domaine de la chaîne d’approvisionnement, du transport ou de la distribution (un atout)
Pensée critique et compétences en matière de résolution de problèmes
Expérience dans un contexte de changement transformationnel et capacité d’adaptation aux besoins de l’entreprise
Capacité avérée d’assurer le leadership et le mentorat, en particulier en guidant les analystes débutant(e)s
Antécédents éprouvés d’exécution de tâches de façon efficace, à temps et sous pression, ainsi que de gestion efficace des priorités dans un environnement qui évolue rapidement

En travaillant chez RONA, vous bénéficierez de nombreux avantages, tels que ce qui suit :

Un centre de conditionnement physique, des activités sportives et des douches
Un centre de la petite enfance pouvant accueillir 78 enfants
Une cafétéria avec un menu de qualité cuisiné par un chef dédié, des options santé et des stations de café Brûleries FARO et Tim Hortons
Des rabais exclusifs aux employé(e)s, en plus d’un rabais de 10 % en magasin (dans toutes les enseignes de RONA)
Des avantages sociaux : assurances collectives, régime de retraite, primes annuelles, programme d’encouragement aux études, etc.
Des bornes de recharge pour voitures électriques
La possibilité d’évoluer au sein de l’organisation
Un environnement de travail inclusif et sécuritaire
Une sensibilité à l’équilibre travail-vie personnelle
Un employeur engagé dans sa communauté
Et plus encore!

Le générique masculin est utilisé sans discrimination et uniquement dans le but d’alléger le texte. RONA est déterminée à encourager la diversité et l’inclusion. Nous sommes heureux d’étudier la demande d’emploi de tous les candidats qualifiés, sans égard à leur race, couleur, religion, orientation sexuelle, genre, nationalité d’origine, âge, handicap ou tout autre statut protégé par la loi.
About the job
About Agoda

Agoda is an online travel booking platform for accommodations, flights, and more. We build and deploy cutting-edge technology that connects travelers with more than 3.6 million accommodations globally. Based in Asia and part of Booking Holdings, our 6,000+ employees representing 90+ nationalities foster a work environment rich in diversity, creativity, and collaboration. We innovate through a culture of experimentation and ownership, enhancing the ability for our customers to experience the world.

THIS ROLE IS BASED IN BANGKOK, THAILAND (WITH RELOCATION PROVIDED)

Location: Bangkok, Thailand (*Not open for remote work.)

Get to Know our Team:

As part of the Supply Analytics, you will be responsible for identifying new partners and opportunities, cultivating a relationship with them, and working together with them to deliver the best outcome for our end customers. You would also be responsible with managing the day-to-day interaction with the partner and working closely with other teams within Agoda to ensure the partners needs are met.

We design tailored business and product solutions with our partners and help them generate measurable value. Members of our team are empowered and supported to grow their market(s) or accounts. We develop win-win relationships and leverage Agoda’s unique accommodations portfolio and tech solutions to bring our partners the advantages they seek. Utilizing our strong brand and resources, we build new channels to increase the visibility of Agoda, introduce more travelers to our great products and service and deliver significant revenues to the overall business.

The Opportunity: 

As an Analyst/Senior Analyst, you will report directly to either the Senior Manager or Associate Director within the Supply Department and this will be an individual contributor role. You will be responsible and fully empowered to work with the partners on the ground. You will be supported by a team within the Supply department and work closely with other Team members within Agoda.

In this Role, you’ll get to:

Translate internal briefs into analytical projects (to include refining the initial brief and asking the ‘right questions’, working through potential hypotheses and storyboarding the output)
Use and analyze data from multiple large-scale data warehouses and present statistically strong analysis to a wide range of business stakeholders
Proactively identify opportunities for growth within supply and the wider business
Drive new analytical initiatives and projects aimed at improving organizational efficiency and shaping Agoda supply
Identify, support, and lead projects aimed at scaling up the way the Supply organization leverages on data, insights, and intelligence
Automate manual operational processes and present back on time savings gained through modernization of business operations

What you’ll Need to Succeed:

At least 3-5+ years of experience working as an Analyst with experience in analytics/data science/insights/strategy/BI
Advanced working knowledge and hands-on experience in SQL
Strong knowledge and hands-on experience in data visualization tools such as Tableau (preferably) 
Expert domain of data analysis and data visualization tools and software such as Excel, Python (or R)
Bachelor’s degree ideally in a business or quantitative subject (e.g. computer science, mathematics, engineering, science, economics or finance)
A good understanding of statistical modelling knowledge or any machine learning technique knowledge (such as hypothesis testing, regression, logistic regression, random forest, etc.)
Good stakeholder management experience. Comfortable presenting to senior leadership and C-suite
Experience in conducting A/B testing experimentation
Strong experience in finding data insights and provide business recommendation to the business
A hacker’s mindset – the ability to build simple but clever and elegant solutions to new problems within significant resource, operational and time constraints through deep understanding of the business, creative problem solving, and a wide range of expertise in data, analytics, automation, programming, and prototyping
Excellent communicator with superior written, verbal, presentation and interpersonal communication skills
Data driven in both decision making and performance measurement
Extreme comfort in ambiguous, fast-paced environment
Ability to multi-task, prioritize and coordinate resources

It’s Great if you Have: 

MBA or Masters in a quantitative subject (e.g. computer science, mathematics, engineering, science, economics or finance)
Program management certifications (e.g. PMI, PRINCE2) to compliment your program management experience
Asian market experience
Travel industry / e-commerce / tech / consulting experience

#sanfrancisco #sanjose #losangeles #sandiego #oakland #denver #miami #orlando #atlanta #chicago #boston #detroit #newyork #portland #philadelphia #dallas #houston #austin #seattle #washdc #tirana #yerevan #sydney #melbourne #perth #vienna #graz #baku #minsk #brussels #antwerp #ghent #charleroi #saopaolo #sofia #toronto #vancouver #montreal #shanghai #beijing #shenzhen #zagreb #cyprus #prague #Brno #Ostrava #copenhagen #cairo #alexandria #giza #estonia #helsinki #paris #nice #marseille #rouen #lyon #toulouse #tbilisi #berlin #munich #hamburg #stuttgart #cologne #frankfurt #dusseldorf #dortmund #essen #Bremen #leipzig #dresden #hanover #nuremberg #athens #hongkong #budapest #bangalore #newdelhi #jakarta #bali #bandung #dublin #telaviv #milan #rome #naples #turin #palermo #venice #bologna #florence #tokyo #osaka #yokohama #nagoya #okinawa #fukuoka #sapporo #amman #irbid #riga #beirut #tripoli #vilnius #luxembourg #kualalumpur #malta #chisinau #amsterdam #oslo #jerusalem #manila #warsaw #krakow #sintra #porto #braga #cascais #loures #amadora #almada #doha #alrayyan #bucharest #moscow #saintpetersburg #riyadh #jeddah #mecca #medina #belgrade #singapore #bratislava #capetown #johannesburg #seoul #barcelona #madrid #valencia #seville #bilbao #malaga #oviedo #alicante #laspalmas #zaragozbanga #stockholm #zurich #geneva #basel #taipei #tainan #taichung #kaohsiung #Phuket #bangkok #istanbul #ankara #izmir #dubai #abudhabi #sharjah #london #manchester #edinburgh #kiev #hcmc #hanoi #sanaa #taiz #aden #gibraltar #marrakech #lodz #wroclaw #poznan #Gdansk #szczecin #bydgoszcz #lublin #katowice #rio #salvador #fortaleza #brasilia #belo #belem #manaus #curitiba #portoalegre #saoluis

Equal Opportunity Employer 

At Agoda, we pride ourselves on being a company represented by people of all different backgrounds and orientations. We prioritize attracting diverse talent and cultivating an inclusive environment that encourages collaboration and innovation. Employment at Agoda is based solely on a person’s merit and qualifications. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity regardless of sex, age, race, color, national origin, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, citizenship, veteran or military status, and other legally protected characteristics.

We will keep your application on file so that we can consider you for future vacancies and you can always ask to have your details removed from the file. For more details please read our privacy policy .

To all recruitment agencies: Agoda does not accept third party resumes. Please do not send resumes to our jobs alias, Agoda employees or any other organization location. Agoda is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
About the job
Summary

Company Description

Assent is the leading solution for supply chain sustainability tailored for the world’s top-tier, sustainability-driven manufacturers. Hidden risks riddle supply chains, many of which weren't built with sustainability in mind. That's where we step in. With insights from experts, Assent is the tool manufacturers trust for comprehensive sustainability.

We've grown from $5 million to $85 million ARR in just six years. With our recent $350 million funding led by Vista Equity Partners, we're poised for even greater expansion and are on the lookout for outstanding team members.

Being a Certified B Corporation, we don't just advocate for sustainability – we live it. This certification underscores our commitment to environmental, social, and governance excellence. At Assent, your work will directly amplify transparency, sustainability, and fair practices worldwide.

Hybrid Work Model

At Assent, we proudly embrace a remote-first work model, valuing the flexibility and autonomy it provides our team. We also acknowledge the intangible benefits of occasional in-person workdays. For team members situated within 50 kms/31 miles of our five global offices in Ottawa, Eldoret, Penang, Columbus, and Amsterdam, you can expect to come into the office one day a week. Similarly, those near our co-working spaces in Nairobi and Toronto are encouraged to work onsite once a month.

Job Description

Assent is hiring a Senior Data Analyst for our Revenue Operations team. In this role, you will play a crucial part in enhancing our Revenue Operations by leveraging your expertise in Business Intelligence, analytics, and statistical modeling. As the Revenue Operations Senior Data Analyst, you will be instrumental in improving processes based on business requirements and collaborating closely with key business teams.

Key Requirements & Responsibilities:

Collaborate with Revenue departments, utilizing data modeling and statistical expertise to address business inquiries.
Analyze activities across Customer Success, Professional Services, and Sales to enhance operational workflows.
Implement data governance best practices and system guardrails in partnership with the Data Governance Council.
Develop and deliver training on predictive models and dashboards for Revenue Leadership and Operations Analysts.
Serve as a Subject Matter Expert in multiple data sources related to revenue data.
Manage projects from scoping through closure, working collaboratively with the Core Data Team.
Collaborate with the Core Data team to enhance analytics capabilities, expand the data catalog, and ensure data quality.
Identify and address data gaps in business processes and revenue systems.
Support Revenue Operations leadership in automating key metrics in collaboration with the Core Data Team.
Track data trends, providing actionable insights that drive revenue optimization.
Act as a power user for Revenue Ops tools, ensuring consistent use across the Go-To Market team.
Deliver training on systems and processes, championing Rev Ops best practices.


Qualifications

We strongly value your talent, energy and passion. It will also be valuable to Assent if you have the following qualifications:

5+ years of experience in a related role with proven success in supporting data analytics solutions within an organization.
Experience in python or R programming strongly desired.
Familiarity with data management tools such as Excel, Sheets, and SQL Server.
Strong quantitative analysis, problem-solving, and project management skills
Excellent project management skills with the ability to communicate complex concepts effectively at all levels of the organization.
Outstanding analytical ability and problem-solving skills with the ability to interpret data compellingly.
Ability to collaborate effectively with business managers, demonstrating influencing and negotiation skills.
Highly adaptable, flexible, and thrives in a fast-paced, dynamic business environment.
Meticulous attention to detail and the ability to make sense of large data sets.


Additional Information

Life at Assent

Wellness: We believe that you and your family’s well being is important. As a result, we offer vacation time that increases with tenure, comprehensive benefits packages (details vary by country), life leave days and more.

Financial Benefits: It’s not all about the money – well, it’s a little about the money. We understand that financial health is important and we offer a competitive base salary, a corporate bonus program, retirement savings options and more.

Life at Assent: There is purpose beyond your work. We provide our team members with flexible work options, volunteer days and opportunities to get involved in corporate giving initiatives.

Lifelong Learning: At Assent, curiosity is not only valued but encouraged. You will receive professional development days that are available to you the day you start

At Assent, we are committed to growing and sustaining an environment where our team members feel included, valued, and heard. Our diversity and equal opportunity practices are guided and championed by our Diversity and Inclusion Working Group and our Employee Resource Groups (ERGs).

Our commitment to diversity, equity and inclusion includes recruiting and retaining team members from diverse backgrounds and experiences, and fostering a culture of belonging where all team members are included, treated with dignity and respect, promoted on their merits, and placed in positions to contribute to business success.

If you require assistance or accommodation throughout any part of the interview and selection process, please contact talent@assent.com and we will be happy to help.
About the job
Our client in the logistics industry is looking for a fulltime/perm Business Intelligence analyst with experience in Qlik.

Location: Hybrid 2 - 3 times/week in Etobicoke office

Responsibilities
Work with business stakeholders to understand requirements
Implement Qplik Dashboards and reports
Built ETL integrations for data sources to be used for dashboards
Design QlikView data models for best performance
Work with backend SAP and Oracle databases and SQL querying

Requirements
7+ years experience as a Business Intelligence analyst
3+ years experience with Qlik building dashboards and reports
Experience building ETLs
Experience working with SAP as a data source
About the job
About Agoda

Agoda is an online travel booking platform for accommodations, flights, and more. We build and deploy cutting-edge technology that connects travelers with more than 3.6 million accommodations globally. Based in Asia and part of Booking Holdings, our 6,000+ employees representing 90+ nationalities foster a work environment rich in diversity, creativity, and collaboration. We innovate through a culture of experimentation and ownership, enhancing the ability for our customers to experience the world.

Get to Know our Team: 

In Product, ideas come alive. The world is moving fast so our culture empowers ownership and minimal bureaucracy. That’s the environment that enables you to do what you think is right – and quickly. Product Operations is a large, multicultural team of diversely talented individuals that serve as the curators of Agoda’s content. We manage all the content our customers and partners see on each of our products. As a part of our team, you will take ownership of processes that are critical to multiple other teams across the business. We are driving property-level content to map inventories from 3 rd  party supplies which will enable our reach to span the globe. Content Operations is also keen on self-improvement and innovation. We run our own structured data and analyze it to make impactful decisions. With the support of state-of-the-art technology and an enriching work environment, we strengthen the bottom line and drive new business for Agoda. 

The Opportunity: 

As an Analyst/Senior Analyst, you will report directly to either the Senior Manager or Associate Director within the Product Department and this will be an individual contributor role. You will be responsible and fully empowered to work with the partners on the ground. You will be supported by a team within the Product department and work closely with other Team members within Agoda. You will be instrumental in ensuring there is consistency in data being used for reporting, identifying value-added data to help the business grow as well as using data to make strategic business decisions. You will be expected to dig into data to provide business insights, guide decision-making and offer valuable inputs to further grow our business model.

In this Role, you’ll get to:

Translate internal briefs into analytical projects (to include refining the initial brief and asking the ‘right questions’, working through potential hypotheses and storyboarding the output)
Use and analyze data from multiple large-scale data warehouses and present statistically strong analysis to a wide range of business stakeholders
Conducted an analysis of customer behavior and their path through the platform, guaranteeing that the conversion rates for each front-end page met the established benchmarks and continually pinpointed opportunities for enhancement
Partnered with the Product Design and User Research team to generate fresh data-driven projects, one of which involved the development of a Dashboard designed for more efficient monitoring of user behavior and the measurement of novel business metrics
Drive new analytical initiatives and projects aimed at improving organizational efficiency and shaping Agoda supply
Identify, support, and lead projects aimed at scaling up the way the Supply organization leverages on data, insights, and intelligence
Automate manual operational processes and present back on time savings gained through modernization of business operations

What you’ll Need to Succeed:

Bachelor’s degree or higher in Mathematics, Business, Economics, Data Science, Information Technology or similar field
Bachelor’s Degree or higher in computer sciences, engineering, mathematics, statistics, data science or a related degree program. Masters degree preferred
Advanced domain of data analysis and data visualization tools and software such as Excel, SQL, Tableau, Python or similar
Analytical mindset, with proven track record in using data to measure performance and make decisions
Excellent problem-solving skills including the ability to analyze and resolve complex problems using data
Ability to work under pressure in a fast-paced and rapidly changing environment
Excellent communication skills (both verbal and written), with proven ability to convey complex messages clearly and with conviction
Team player with strong interpersonal, relationship-building, and stakeholder management skills

#STRA#ANLS#MRKT#3 #Bengaluru #SãoPaulo #Delhi #NewYorkCity #Nigeria #London #Hyderabad #Pune #Mumbai #Colombia #Paris #Jakarta #Chennai #SanFrancisco #WashingtonDC #Toronto #Pakistan #LosAngeles #Dallas #Chicago #Kenya #Boston #Shanghai #Egypt #BuenosAires #Manila #Netherlands #Singapore #RiodeJaneiro #Beijing #Atlanta #Sydney #Madrid #Vietnam #SaudiArabia #Peru #Melbourne #Ireland #Russia #Bangladesh #MexicoCity #Philadelphia #Chile #SeattleArea #Noida #Kolkata #Guangdong #UnitedArabEmirates #TelAvivDistrict #Houston #KualaLumpur #BeloHorizonte #SouthKorea #Bangkok #Istanbul #Austin #Curitiba #Warsaw #Campinas #Barcelona #Ukraine #CostaRica #Berlin #Romania #Denver #Johannesburg #Minneapolis #Manchester #Miami #MexicoCity #Phoenix #Detroit #Coimbatore #Milan #PortoAlegre #Vancouver #Montreal #Charlotte #SanDiego #Ghana #SaltLakeCity #Raleigh #HongKong #Fortaleza #Munich #Prague #Ecuador #TampaBay #Tokyo #Serbia #Taipei #Cracow #Zhejiang #CapeTown #Brasilia #Columbus data representation data analysis SQL data analytics analytics python (programming language) data mining data science r (programming language) tableau analytical skills data visualization databases business analysis business intelligence (bi) microsoft sql server #productanalyst #product

Equal Opportunity Employer 

At Agoda, we pride ourselves on being a company represented by people of all different backgrounds and orientations. We prioritize attracting diverse talent and cultivating an inclusive environment that encourages collaboration and innovation. Employment at Agoda is based solely on a person’s merit and qualifications. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity regardless of sex, age, race, color, national origin, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, citizenship, veteran or military status, and other legally protected characteristics.

We will keep your application on file so that we can consider you for future vacancies and you can always ask to have your details removed from the file. For more details please read our privacy policy .

To all recruitment agencies: Agoda does not accept third party resumes. Please do not send resumes to our jobs alias, Agoda employees or any other organization location. Agoda is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
About the job
Opentext - The Information Company

As the Information Company, our mission at OpenText is to create software solutions and deliver services that redefine the future of digital. Be part of a winning team that leads the way in Enterprise Information Management.

The Opportunity

OpenText is looking for a strong candidate to be part of a diverse team responsible for the technical solution delivery of the SuccessFactors (HR System of Record) Recruiting and Onboarding.

This individual will report to the Director, IT- HR & Comp, and be able to effectively interact with the business partners and technical and operational resources.

This candidate will be an integral part of information systems development and integration for the OpenText IT Enterprise Applications organization.

You Are Great At

The Lead Systems Analyst will have the following responsibilities:

Lead the project delivery keeping multiple projects on track for a company and ensuring they are completed on time and according to specifications.
Led the implementation of Onboarding 2.0 and Phenom.
Lead M&A mass onboarding of acquisition employees and entities, integrations with other legacy HR, financial, and payroll applications, etc.
Support M&A activity to accelerate the planning and consolidation of core capabilities and applications such as employee migration, payroll, and benefit harmonization. 
Participate and lead Blueprint and design workshops with Business and IT Solution Architect. 
Responsible for transitioning solutions from a project delivery to an operational model coordinating with the IT Ent Apps Operations Team Lead.
Evaluate new systems and coordinate with the Solution Architect to formulate detailed plans to add new systems to the existing core infrastructure.
Enforce enterprise IT policies, procedures, and compliance within the HR IT work structure.
Create and maintain supporting technical documents about the platform and process.

What It Takes

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in relevant discipline
Minimum 8 years experience with the SuccessFactors RCM, RMK, ONB 1.0 and ONB 2.0
Certified in SuccessFactors RCM and ONB
Experience with full cycle (end-to-end) implementations of SuccessFactors Recruiting and Onboarding Module
Strong understanding of SuccessFactors Employee Central
Experience with Phenom is preferred.
Self-starter that can work effectively as part of a team or individual contributor.
Strong skills, including analytical thinking, problem-solving, and superior communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills.

OpenText's efforts to build an inclusive work environment go beyond simply complying with applicable laws. Our Employment Equity and Diversity Policy provides direction on maintaining a working environment that is inclusive of everyone, regardless of culture, national origin, race, color, gender, gender identification, sexual orientation, family status, age, veteran status, disability, religion, or other basis protected by applicable laws. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or recruiting process, please contact us at hr@opentext.com.
About the job
About Agoda

Agoda is an online travel booking platform for accommodations, flights, and more. We build and deploy cutting-edge technology that connects travelers with more than 3.6 million accommodations globally. Based in Asia and part of Booking Holdings, our 6,000+ employees representing 90+ nationalities foster a work environment rich in diversity, creativity, and collaboration. We innovate through a culture of experimentation and ownership, enhancing the ability for our customers to experience the world.

Get to Know our Team: 

In Product, ideas come alive. The world is moving fast so our culture empowers ownership and minimal bureaucracy. That’s the environment that enables you to do what you think is right – and quickly. Product Operations is a large, multicultural team of diversely talented individuals that serve as the curators of Agoda’s content. We manage all the content our customers and partners see on each of our products. As a part of our team, you will take ownership of processes that are critical to multiple other teams across the business. We are driving property-level content to map inventories from 3 rd  party supplies which will enable our reach to span the globe. Content Operations is also keen on self-improvement and innovation. We run our own structured data and analyze it to make impactful decisions. With the support of state-of-the-art technology and an enriching work environment, we strengthen the bottom line and drive new business for Agoda. 

The Opportunity: 

As an Analyst/Senior Analyst, you will report directly to either the Senior Manager or Associate Director within the Product Department and this will be an individual contributor role. You will be responsible and fully empowered to work with the partners on the ground. You will be supported by a team within the Product department and work closely with other Team members within Agoda. You will be instrumental in ensuring there is consistency in data being used for reporting, identifying value-added data to help the business grow as well as using data to make strategic business decisions. You will be expected to dig into data to provide business insights, guide decision-making and offer valuable inputs to further grow our business model.

In this Role, you’ll get to:

Translate internal briefs into analytical projects (to include refining the initial brief and asking the ‘right questions’, working through potential hypotheses and storyboarding the output)
Use and analyze data from multiple large-scale data warehouses and present statistically strong analysis to a wide range of business stakeholders
Conducted an analysis of customer behavior and their path through the platform, guaranteeing that the conversion rates for each front-end page met the established benchmarks and continually pinpointed opportunities for enhancement
Partnered with the Product Design and User Research team to generate fresh data-driven projects, one of which involved the development of a Dashboard designed for more efficient monitoring of user behavior and the measurement of novel business metrics
Drive new analytical initiatives and projects aimed at improving organizational efficiency and shaping Agoda supply
Identify, support, and lead projects aimed at scaling up the way the Supply organization leverages on data, insights, and intelligence
Automate manual operational processes and present back on time savings gained through modernization of business operations

What you’ll Need to Succeed:

Bachelor’s degree or higher in Mathematics, Business, Economics, Data Science, Information Technology or similar field
Bachelor’s Degree or higher in computer sciences, engineering, mathematics, statistics, data science or a related degree program. Masters degree preferred
Advanced domain of data analysis and data visualization tools and software such as Excel, SQL, Tableau, Python or similar
Analytical mindset, with proven track record in using data to measure performance and make decisions
Excellent problem-solving skills including the ability to analyze and resolve complex problems using data
Ability to work under pressure in a fast-paced and rapidly changing environment
Excellent communication skills (both verbal and written), with proven ability to convey complex messages clearly and with conviction
Team player with strong interpersonal, relationship-building, and stakeholder management skills

#STRA#ANLS#MRKT#3 #Bengaluru #SãoPaulo #Delhi #NewYorkCity #Nigeria #London #Hyderabad #Pune #Mumbai #Colombia #Paris #Jakarta #Chennai #SanFrancisco #WashingtonDC #Toronto #Pakistan #LosAngeles #Dallas #Chicago #Kenya #Boston #Shanghai #Egypt #BuenosAires #Manila #Netherlands #Singapore #RiodeJaneiro #Beijing #Atlanta #Sydney #Madrid #Vietnam #SaudiArabia #Peru #Melbourne #Ireland #Russia #Bangladesh #MexicoCity #Philadelphia #Chile #SeattleArea #Noida #Kolkata #Guangdong #UnitedArabEmirates #TelAvivDistrict #Houston #KualaLumpur #BeloHorizonte #SouthKorea #Bangkok #Istanbul #Austin #Curitiba #Warsaw #Campinas #Barcelona #Ukraine #CostaRica #Berlin #Romania #Denver #Johannesburg #Minneapolis #Manchester #Miami #MexicoCity #Phoenix #Detroit #Coimbatore #Milan #PortoAlegre #Vancouver #Montreal #Charlotte #SanDiego #Ghana #SaltLakeCity #Raleigh #HongKong #Fortaleza #Munich #Prague #Ecuador #TampaBay #Tokyo #Serbia #Taipei #Cracow #Zhejiang #CapeTown #Brasilia #Columbus data representation data analysis SQL data analytics analytics python (programming language) data mining data science r (programming language) tableau analytical skills data visualization databases business analysis business intelligence (bi) microsoft sql server #productanalyst #product

Equal Opportunity Employer 

At Agoda, we pride ourselves on being a company represented by people of all different backgrounds and orientations. We prioritize attracting diverse talent and cultivating an inclusive environment that encourages collaboration and innovation. Employment at Agoda is based solely on a person’s merit and qualifications. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity regardless of sex, age, race, color, national origin, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, citizenship, veteran or military status, and other legally protected characteristics.

We will keep your application on file so that we can consider you for future vacancies and you can always ask to have your details removed from the file. For more details please read our privacy policy .

To all recruitment agencies: Agoda does not accept third party resumes. Please do not send resumes to our jobs alias, Agoda employees or any other organization location. Agoda is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
About the job
Job Type: Permanent

Reference code: 124887

Primary Location: Toronto, ON

All Available Locations: Toronto, ON; Calgary, AB; Halifax, NS; Ottawa, ON; Vancouver, BC; Victoria, BC

Our Purpose

At Deloitte, we are driven to inspire and help our people, organization, communities, and country to thrive. Our Purpose is to build a better future by accelerating and expanding access to knowledge. Purpose defines who we are and gives us reason to exist as an organization.

By living our Purpose, we will make an impact that matters.

Enjoy flexible, proactive, and practical benefits that foster a culture of well-being and connectedness.
Experience a firm where wellness matters.
Be expected to share your ideas and to make them a reality.


What will your typical day look like?

The role of Global People Analytics within Global Talent supports and/or leads projects as identified. The current portfolio is varied and changes often. The individual will identify data-driven insights for an executive audience, support experimental research for developing people analytics methodologies, and have experience conducting advanced data modeling and developing analytics solutions.

As part of the Global Talent team you will:

Manage the development and execution of advanced people analytics and data visualization in support of global, member firm or global business initiatives as needed, including strategic priorities
Support the design, development, and delivery of research experiments from planning, collecting, analyzing, and interpreting results
Develop compelling, logically structured, actionable data driven insights (including storytelling of research/analytics findings) for all audience levels, including Executives
Maintain and coordinate data collection, transfer, storage, analysis, and retention processes
Support the governance, execution, and coordination of data-driven strategic projects, analyses, and visualizations for Global Talent, and liaise with Deloitte Technology and Global Finance
Assist with preparation of deliverables (e.g., meeting agendas, presentations, summary/notes, etc.) for key project meetings (e.g. Deloitte People Analytics community) or Global Talent meetings (e.g., Executive Leadership Team) and leadership communications
Support management of ongoing relationship with key stakeholders associated with project and priorities
Collaborate on the development of tools and technology to support people analytics and the application of behavioral science
Support knowledge sharing across member firms and global businesses, including the delivery of special initiatives (e.g., working groups with MF stakeholders, developing internal points of view on talent topics, timely support on global issues like COVID-19)
Stay informed on new research and techniques related to people/HR analytics that could be applied to Global Talent priority areas
Future responsibilities could shift to other projects. If so, the underlying responsibilities would be similar, yet the topic area would change.

About The Team

Global Talent supports our high-performing and diverse professionals around the world. We engage with our business units to promote growth and development of our people toward their individual professional and personal advancement while ensuring a balance of career and life goals.

Enough about us, let’s talk about you

University degree required. Master’s degree a plus.
Experience working in a large, multinational organization, preferably in the Consulting or HR/Talent function for a professional services firm. Multiple years working at global professional services firm, especially in consulting or human capital consulting would be beneficial experience for this role.
Analytical experience in an applied setting – preferable in people analytics – including an understanding of data strategy and associated governance programs
Familiarity with basic talent strategy, processes, concepts, data, technology, and trends(including promotions, hiring, attrition, compensation/total rewards)
Experience interpreting and understanding key talent challenges, and advising on data-driven actions to investigate and remediate those challenges
Managing projects, team members and stakeholders, including the ability to partner, engage and/or direct individuals across different levels from executives to peers
Significant experience building relationships with and prioritizing work from a diverse group of stakeholders
Advanced skills working with PowerPoint, with proficiency in Word and Excel

Other:

Experience using or working knowledge of R, Python, and Tableau desired
Flexibility in working hours in order to work with global clients
Knowledge of standard talent activities and processes
Experience participating in large, virtual global project teams; Prior experience working on global or multinational projects preferred

Total Rewards

The salary range for this position is $58,000 - $114,000, and individuals may be eligible to participate in our bonus program. Deloitte is fair and competitive when it comes to the salaries of our people. We regularly benchmark across a variety of positions, industries, sectors, targets, and levels. Our approach is grounded on recognizing people's unique strengths and contributions and rewarding the value that they deliver.

Our Total Rewards Package extends well beyond traditional compensation and benefit programs and is designed to recognize employee contributions, encourage personal wellness, and support firm growth. Along with a competitive base salary and variable pay opportunities, we offer a wide array of initiatives that differentiate us as a people-first organization. Some representative examples include: $4,000 per year for mental health support benefits, a $1,300 flexible benefit spending account, 38+ days off (including 10 firm-wide closures known as "Deloitte Days"), flexible work arrangements and a hybrid work structure.

Our promise to our people: Deloitte is where potential comes to life.

Be yourself, and more.

We are a group of talented people who want to learn, gain experience, and develop skills. Wherever you are in your career, we want you to advance.

You Shape How We Make Impact.

Diverse perspectives and life experiences make us better. Whoever you are and wherever you’re from, we want you to feel like you belong here. We provide flexible working options to support you and how you can contribute. Be the leader you want to be.

Be the leader you want to be 

Some guide teams, some change culture, some build essential expertise. We offer opportunities and experiences that support your continuing growth as a leader.

Have as many careers as you want.

We are uniquely able to offer you new challenges and roles – and prepare you for them. We bring together people with unique experiences and talents, and we are the place to develop a lasting network of friends, peers, and mentors. Our TVP is about relationships – between leaders and their people, the firm and its people, peers, and within in our communities.

The next step is yours

At Deloitte, we are all about doing business inclusively – that starts with having diverse colleagues of all abilities. Deloitte encourages applications from all qualified candidates who represent the full diversity of communities across Canada. This includes, but is not limited to, people with disabilities, candidates from Indigenous communities, and candidates from the Black community in support of living our values, creating a culture of Diversity Equity and Inclusion and our commitment to our AccessAbility Action Plan , Reconciliation Action Plan and the BlackNorth Initiative .

We encourage you to connect with us at accessiblecareers@deloitte.ca if you require an accommodation for the recruitment process (including alternate formats of materials, accessible meeting rooms or other accommodations) or indigenouscareers@deloitte.ca for any questions relating to careers for Indigenous peoples at Deloitte (First Nations, Inuit, Métis).

By applying to this job you will be assessed against the Deloitte Global Talent Standards. We’ve designed these standards to provide our clients with a consistent and exceptional Deloitte experience globally.

Deloitte Canada has 30 offices with representation across most of the country. We acknowledge our offices reside on traditional, treaty and unceded territories as part of Turtle Island and is still home to many First Nations, Métis, and Inuit peoples. We are all Treaty people.
About the job
About RockWallet
Rock Solid. Rock Confident. 

RockWallet is a financial technology company made up of people who think differently about how digital assets can be managed, accessed, and used. 

At RockWallet, our vision is for anyone to be able to access and thrive in the digital economy. It's our mission to help you make the most of the opportunities available by building products that empower people to navigate digital asset usage easily, securely, and with confidence. Our self-custodial, multicurrency wallet puts you in charge of your digital assets. RockWallet's app makes it quick and easy to buy, use, store, and swap top cryptocurrencies, all in one place, on your mobile. RockWallet is registered with FinCEN as a Money Service Business. Find out more here at www.rockwallet.com. 

As a Senior Business Intelligence Analyst, your mission is to drive continuous product improvements by offering detailed operational support through reporting, deep dive analysis, and cross-functional collaboration. Based on your insights, you will help pinpoint the next growth of opportunities.

By proactively communicating with the right stakeholders, you help the team drive product improvement that creates real business value. You will work closely with our Marketing, Customer Success, Payments teams, Finance and Product Management as well as have an overall direct impact on the Company's success. 

This is a remote position with a preference for applicants in the Eastern Time Zone. 

The Senior Business Intelligence Analyst will be responsible for the following duties and obligations:

Responsibilities: 
· Improve and support operational effectiveness through developing metrics and reporting to assist in making data-driven decisions. 
· Build and maintain dashboards to help stakeholders easily understand the feature performance and the next growth opportunities.
· Present insights to senior leadership and contribute to guiding the organization in the right direction.
· Be proactive in doing deep dive analysis to provide actionable insights and measure the impacts.
· Monitor daily performance against key metrics to identify opportunities and anomalies. 
· Constantly review current operational processes and be a strategic partner in making recommendations for improvements. 
· Design and analyze A/B experiments to evaluate the impact of changes. 
· Stay relevant on industry trends and work with the product teams to develop high impact features. 
· Help define and shape companies' business intelligence products and tools. 

Qualifications and Requirements 
· 5+ years of experience in Data Analytics, Operations, or relevant work experience at a fast-growing tech company is preferred.
· Degree in Statistics, Computer Science, Math, Operations Research, Physics, Economics, or other quantitative fields.
· Experience with crypto, fintech, exchanges, wallets or other relevant financial services.
· Knowledge of (but preferred; experience in) AI and Machine Learning; Candidates should be able to analyze complex datasets, identify patterns, and make data-driven decisions using AI and ML methods.
· Methodical and experienced in data analysis, with a track record of guiding the organization toward improved decision-making.
· Experience building compelling dashboards using data visualization tools.
· Experience with JIRA and A/B tests is required.
· Fluent in Microsoft Excel and SQL. 
· Excellent communication skills in verbal and written English. 
· Excellent at communicating and presenting data insights. 
· Have a sense of ownership and assume end-to-end responsibility in your work. 
· Strong business acumen and data analysis ability to help stakeholders make data-driven decisions. 
· Ability to manage multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment. 
· Ability to work independently and as a self-starter; adaptable and able to react quickly to changing business needs.
· Ability to build collaborative relationships, results-driven and possess self-leadership skills. 

Benefits:
· Work from home
· Benefits
· A competitive salary 
· Diverse and dynamic work environment
· Work-life balance and support for career development

RockWallet, LLC is an Equal Employment Opportunity/ Veterans/Disabled/LGBT and Affirmative Action employer. We are committed to diversity and building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We do not discriminate and all decisions we make are made on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. Our goal is to be one global diverse team that is representative of our customers, in an inclusive environment where we can continue to innovate and grow together.

We thank all interested applicants, however, only those under consideration will be contacted.
About the job
Être au cœur de ce que vous faites le mieux

En plus d’offrir des défis stimulants, nous vous offrons de libérer votre véritable potentiel tout en évoluant dans un milieu de travail dynamique et authentique, où règne un esprit d’équipe hors du commun. Nous nous distinguons par notre approche humaine, autant à l’égard de notre personnel que des personnes que l’on assure. C’est dans un esprit familial que tous les employés et employées participent au succès de Promutuel.

Être reconnu pour votre savoir, vous êtes rendu LÀ!

Vous joindrez une organisation orientée vers le changement et l’innovation
Vous intégrerez une équipe bienveillante qui a à cœur votre réussite
Vous ferez vivre notre culture d’entreprise à votre façon
Vous participerez aux processus stratégiques et décisionnels
Vous serez accompagné vers l’atteinte de vos objectifs professionnels 

Une panoplie d’avantages ici et LÀ

Rémunération concurrentielle avec échelles évolutives
Horaire flexible permettant de conserver une vie équilibrée
Congés mobiles dès la première année
Possibilité de travailler en mode hybride
Assurance collective pour vous et votre famille
Accès à la télémédecine pour répondre rapidement à vos préoccupations de santé
Régime de retraite à prestations déterminées avec participation de l’employeur
Activités sociales organisées par l’employeur et initiatives de bénévolat
Rabais sur vos assurances auto et habitation
Programme d’aide aux employés

À propos du poste

Vous exercerez à notre bureau de Québec ou de Longueuil (possibilité de télétravail en mode hybride).

Vous êtes reconnu(e) pour votre souci du détail, votre curiosité et votre sens analytique hors du commun? Notre équipe de l'actuariat et de l'intelligence d'affaires n’attend que vous! Dans ce rôle d’analyste en intelligence d’affaires, vous traduirez les besoins en information de gestion de différents auditoires en solutions d’intelligence d’affaires.

Vos responsabilités 

Effectuer l'analyse des besoins d'affaires et traduire en spécifications détaillées afin de permettre la réalisation de solutions d'intelligence d'affaires
Faire l’aiguillage et le suivi des demandes clients
Accompagner les clients et participer à la priorisation des travaux à réaliser
Assurer le soutien à l’exploitation et à l’évolution des solutions développées
Réaliser la conception des rapports et tableaux de bord selon les meilleures pratiques et normes de réalisation en place
Contribuer à l’assurance qualité des solutions en effectuant des essais et validations
Effectuer le lien avec l'équipe de Plateforme de données afin de spécifier les besoins et règles d'affaires
Rédiger la documentation des solutions et des indicateurs de gestion afin de permettre une utilisation ainsi qu'une interprétation adéquate
Présenter les solutions aux utilisateurs et, au besoin, participer à la formation
Soutenir les utilisateurs dans le choix et l'interprétation des données et publications d'information

Le profil recherché

Baccalauréat en statistique, en informatique, en administration ou l’équivalent
Minimum de 3 années d’expérience dans des fonctions similaires
Expérience de travail en mode Agile
Connaissance du domaine de l’assurance 
Connaissance en design et visualisation de rapports (Power BI ou autre)
Connaissance du langage SQL et des environnements de données en intelligence d’affaires (atout)

Venez découvrir la différence Promutuel Assurance!
About the job
No de demande : 11407 

Direction générale : DG travaux publics

Postes multiples

Information sur le salaire : 16.881$ par heure (taux de rémunération de 2024)

Affiliation : CUPE 503 Inside/Outside 

Ville : Ottawa, ON

Catégorie d’emploi : Recrutement d'étudiants pour les emplois d'été 

Date limite des candidatures : 2024-02-29

Nota : Dans le présent avis, le masculin a valeur de genre neutre

RÉSUMÉ DES FONCTIONS

Le mandat des Services de la circulation est de fournir tous les services relatifs à la circulation, à la sécurité routière, aux enquêtes sur la circulation et à la gestion de la circulation dans la ville d’Ottawa.

Le titulaire réalise des études sur le terrain standard en matière d’ingénierie de la circulation, comme des études de files d’attente, de retards, de temps de parcours, de comptages de volume. Il enquête sur les plaintes relatives au réglage des feux de circulation, et il aide à assurer la tenue à jour de la base technique des données de circulation utilisée par le Système de circulation intégrée de la Ville d’Ottawa.

FORMATION ET EXPÉRIENCE

Études postsecondaires (avoir terminé la deuxième année des études collégiales ou universitaires) dans n’importe quel domaine d’études

Expérience connexe de moins de quatre (4) mois requise

PERMIS ET ACCRÉDITATIONS

Permis de conduire en règle catégorie G sans restriction de l’Ontario (ou l’équivalent provincial) et au plus 6 points d’inaptitude perdus

COMPÉTENCES ET APTITUDES

Patience
Travailler avec un minimum de supervision
Travailler des heures supplémentaires et longues heures au besoin
Travailler dans tous les types de conditions météorologiques
Accès à un moyen de transport fiable et efficace dans l’exercice des fonctions du poste


CE QUE VOUS DEVEZ SAVOIR

Exigences linguistiques : Exigences linguistiques variées; la maîtrise de l’anglais, du français OU des deux langues peut être exigée. Certains postes nécessitent la capacité à parler, à lire et à écrire en anglais ou en français.; Exigences linguistiques variées; la maîtrise de l’anglais, du français OU des deux langues peut être exigée. Certains postes nécessitent la capacité à parler, à lire et à écrire en anglais ou en français. 
Exigences relatives au permis de conduire : Posséder un permis de conduire de classe G non restreint valide de l’Ontario (ou équivalent provincial) comptant 0 point d’inaptitude; Ce poste exige que le candidat retenu utilise son propre moyen de transport. 
Veuillez conserver une copie de l’avis de concours. Une fois la date de clôture passée, il ne sera plus disponible. 


Nous remercions tous les candidats de leur intérêt et leurs efforts déployés dans le cadre du présent processus de sélection. Toutefois, nous ne communiquerons qu’avec les personnes retenues pour une entrevue.

La Ville d’Ottawa promeut les principes de la diversité et de l’inclusion et respecte les principes de la Loi canadienne sur les droits de la personne et du Code des droits de la personne de l’Ontario. Nous encourageons la candidature des membres des peuples autochtones, communautés noires et autres communautés racialisées, les personnes en situation de handicap, les femmes, ainsi que les personnes non binaires, les personnes de toutes origines ethniques, religions, orientations sexuelles, classes, identités et expressions de genre.

Les candidats sont encouragés à s'auto-identifier en tant que membres d'un ou de plusieurs groupes visés par l’équité en matière d’emploi dans les questions d’auto-identification.

La Ville d’Ottawa offre, sur demande et pendant tout le processus d’embauche, des mesures d’adaptation aux personnes handicapées qui présentent une demande d’emploi. Si nous communiquons avec vous pour participer au processus de sélection, veuillez nous indiquer si vous avez besoin de mesures d’adaptation.

Des formats accessibles et des soutiens à la communication sont offerts sur demande. Veuillez communiquer avec le CentreServiceRH@ottawa.ca au 613-580-2424, poste 47411. Centre de services des RH au 613-580-2424, poste 47411.
About the job
Hybrid - 2 days per week in Markham

contract till Aug 2024

4+ years of experience in data-related roles, e.g. data analytics, data management, data privacy, system developer
Progressive experience in data governance, data management, process improvement, analytics with large, complex organizations and multi-functional/matrix project teams
Proficient in data query language such as SQL, familiarity with database modeling concepts
Recent Insurance Industry Experience
Facilitation workshops and presentation skills
Candidates with P&C insurance background, high level understanding of what P&C data entails
Familiarity with P&C insurance admin systems, such as Guidewire


Thanks,

Neera

TES- The Employment Solution
About the job
Reference:

23000UDF

Responsibilities

RISQ’s main mission is to contribute to develop SG Group (the Group) business and returns through the implementation of an efficient risk management process. The VIE will work for a team (RISQ/COO) in charge of Governance, Risk and Compliance (GRC) project, Regulatory projects, and Ad-hoc requests from the Risk Managers.

The VIE will assist with the Governance, Risk Management and Compliance (GRC) initiative and his/her mission will be focused around 4 areas:

 Data analysis and identification of trends and data improvements
 Data quality checks to identify data quality issues
 Find opportunities to use Machine Learning / Artificial Intelligence and build the proof of concept
 Data reporting through BI Tool such as PowerBI

The GRC initiative aims to harmonize and integrate all risks and controls processes across multiple departments (RISQ, IT Risk, Compliance, Finance, Legal, etc.). The GRC tool developed for the initiative is named RSA Archer and currently has 150+ modules used mainly in the America region. Occasionally, the VIE will also support Risk Managers on ad-hoc requests.

Data analysis

 Analyze Archer data to ensure consistency of referential data uses (i.e.: organizational, geography, legal entity) and feasibility of reporting requirements
 Escalate any data issues such as duplication of records, unreportable multi selects, invalid records, etc.
 Review impact analysis on referential or taxonomy changes
 Perform ad hoc checks to guarantee data integrity
 Clean and normalize the data

Data quality

 Gather data quality needs with various risk teams
 Develop automatic checks on data
 Perform regular and automatized checks to ensure that data quality in GRC tool is good. Checks will include completeness of information as well as simple data quality checks (i.e.: events reported within # days)

ML/AI

 Identify opportunity for Machine Learning / Artificial Intelligence
 Gather Business Requirements and needs from end users
 Develop Proof of Concept and perform demo to end users

Reporting support

 Develop reports/dashboards in BI tool (Power BI) as per reporting needs provided

Provide demo to end users and release to production environment

Required

 Profile required

PLEASE NOTE that since this program is primarily an international development program, candidates cannot apply for a VIE assignment in their own country of citizenship.

To facilitate the examination of your application by our English-speaking managers, we thank you for applying in English.

Studies & experience:

 Graduate with a Master degree from Business/Engineering School or University; a specialization in Engineering and/or Computer Science will be a plus
 A previous experience in Business Intelligence Tool such as Microsoft Power BI or Tableau would be appreciated

Language skills:

 Fluent in English (B2-C1)

Technical, operational & Soft skills:

 Proficient/Good command of MS Office
 Good communication and presentation skills
 Python or knowledge of another language (VBA/Java/C#/JavaScript); willingness to learn Python (must have)
 Data analysis skills, database, and SQL (must have)
 Time management & organizational skills to be able to do manage multiple bulk of work simultaneously (must have)
 Experience in reporting and data aggregation (will be a plus)
 Experience in Machine Learning / Artificial Intelligence (will be a plus)
 Knowledge of risk management and/or GRC tool (will be extremely valued)
 BA skills to translate Business needs in requirements (will be a plus)

The VIE assignment in a nutshell

This VIE in Montreal is to begin as soon as possible but you need to plan 3 months between your application date and the beginning of your VIE assignment. It will last 24 months.

In case a visa is necessary, please make sure your passport is valid up to 6 months after the end of the VIE contract to not delay your departure.

The VIE is a specific contract, under Business France’s eligibility criteria, opened to candidates under 28 and from the member states of the European Economic Space. For further information (including your financial indemnities), please see Mon VIE-VIA Business France.

We would like to draw your attention to the fact there that your VIE mission could potentially get postponed, depending on the evolution of the health crisis and subjects to the decision made by the Crisis and Support Centre of the Ministry of Europe and Foreign Affairs (MEAE). In addition, the selected candidate will only be paid upon confirmation from Business France and arrival in the country of assignment.

 Why join us

As soon as you arrive, you will be integrated into our teams and will learn every day alongside our experts, who will support you in your tasks. Gradually, you will become more independent in your projects, making this experience a real career accelerator. You will also discover all the diversity of our businesses, in a sector that is constantly evolving and innovating.

At the end of your V.I.E. contract, various opportunities could be offered to you, in Canada and abroad.

 Business insight

At Société Générale, we are convinced that people are drivers of change, and that the world of tomorrow will be shaped by all their initiatives, from the smallest to the most ambitious.

Whether you’re joining us for a period of months, years or your entire career, together we can have a positive impact on the future. Creating, daring, innovating and taking action are part of our DNA.

If you too want to be directly involved, grow in a stimulating and caring environment, feel useful on a daily basis and develop or strengthen your expertise, you will feel right at home with us!

Still hesitating?

You should know that our employees can dedicate several days per year to solidarity actions during their working hours, including sponsoring people struggling with their orientation or professional integration, participating in the financial education of young apprentices, and sharing their skills with charities. There are many ways to get involved.

Societe Generale is an equal opportunity employer, and we are proud to make diversity a strength for our company. We are committed to recognizing and promoting the talents and achievements of our employees and staff, regardless of race, religion, color, national origin, sex, disability, age, gender, sexual orientation, and any other characteristic or status protected under applicable law. We strive to write our postings as inclusively as possible. If, however, one of the two genders is used alone in this display, it designates persons of all gender identities.
About the job
Description

Position Summary

Data Analysis Trainee assists in analysis activities including data setup, data searches, feature identification and marking.
Primary Responsibilities
Safety shall always be the top priority
Work in a team environment collaborating and sharing knowledge and experiences
Learn the responsibilities and required tasks of a Level I Data Analysis.
Accomplish all requirements of a Level I Data Analysis qualification and pass respective evaluation.
Interpret industry documentation on ILI tools and pipeline integrity
Under the supervision of a Data Analysis Level II or higher perform data preparation and processing of ILI data
Under the supervision of a Data Analysis Level II or higher perform feature categorization, evaluation and marking
Performs other assigned tasks

Requirements

Degree or diploma in engineering, science or technical discipline; or equivalent experience preferred
Strong work ethic with a can-do attitude
Proficient with operating relevant customized and shrink-wrap computer software applications
Understanding of Microsoft Suite Products.
Demonstrated ability to deliver timely, accurate, and complete results
Requires a strong ability to sustain focus on one or more tasks while avoiding distractions.
Willingness to handle repetitive tasks
Requires pattern recognition and spatial thinking skill.
Must be customer focused, have an excellent attention to detail and a strong ability to work in a team environment
About the job
Cardinal Health Canada, with over 1300 employees nationwide, is an essential link in the Canadian healthcare supply chain, providing over 70,000 products to healthcare facilities and medical professionals across the country.
This is a contract position for 12 months, with hybrid work model. The Data & Analytics Function oversees the analytics lifecycle to identify, analyze and present relevant insights that drive business decisions and anticipate opportunities to achieve a competitive advantage. This function manages analytic data platforms, the access, design and implementation of reporting/business intelligence solutions, and the application of advanced quantitative modeling.
Data Analytics applies business process knowledge and data analytics to develop, recommend and communicate timely, accurate, relevant and actionable insights to support business decisions and objectives.
For more information on what it is like to work for us, please watch this video: Cardinal Health - Wings
Responsibilities
Transition existing Data Pipelines and reporting solutions into new Platform in the cloud
Design and build data pipelines that extract, transform, and load (ETL) data from various sources into our data warehouse
Create and maintain data models that ensure data consistency, accuracy, and accessibility
Develop and maintain automated data pipelines and data processing workflows
Create data visualization utilizing complex data to provide meaningful insights
Design and maintain databases that support our data processing and analytics needs
Ensure data security, privacy, and compliance with data regulations
Monitor and troubleshoot data pipelines to ensure data quality and reliability
Develop and maintain documentation for data infrastructure, processes, and workflows
Stay up-to-date with emerging trends and technologies in data engineering, machine learning, and automation
Qualifications
BA, BS or equivalent experience in related field preferred. Advance Degree may be required
4-8 years of experience in data analytics preferred
Proven experience in designing and implementing database solutions using SQL
Experience with cloud-based data platforms such as AWS or GCP
Intermediate level BI dashboarding experience (e.g. Tableau, PowerBI, etc.)
Knowledge of data modeling techniques and best practices
Strong problem-solving and analytical skills
Strong communication and presentation skills
Ability to work independently and as part of a team
Familiarity with SAP tables and data structures is preferred
Cardinal Health Canada is dedicated to the health and safety of its employees, customers and communities. Pursuant to this, we have implemented several COVID-19 safety measures, including a COVID-19 Vaccination Policy that requires all employees to be fully vaccinated. This is subject to reasonable accommodation for grounds protected under human rights legislation
What is expected of you and others at this level
Applies comprehensive knowledge and a thorough understanding of concepts, principles, and technical capabilities to perform varied tasks and projects
May contribute to the development of policies and procedures
Works on complex projects of large scope
Develops technical solutions to a wide range of difficult problems. Solutions are innovative and consistent with organization objectives
Completes work independently receives general guidance on new projects
Work reviewed for purpose of meeting objectives
May act as a mentor to less experienced colleagues
Cardinal Health is committed to employment equity and encourages applications from women, visible minorities, Indigenous peoples and persons with disabilities.
Cardinal Health is committed to accommodating applicants with disabilities throughout the hiring process, in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). Our Human Resources team is responsible for working with applicants requesting accommodation at any stage of the hiring process.
""
Candidates who are back-to-work, people with disabilities, without a college degree, and Veterans are encouraged to apply.


Cardinal Health supports an inclusive workplace that values diversity of thought, experience and background. We celebrate the power of our differences to create better solutions for our customers by ensuring employees can be their authentic selves each day. Cardinal Health is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, ancestry, age, physical or mental disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, pregnancy, veteran status, marital status, creed, status with regard to public assistance, genetic status or any other status protected by federal, state or local law.
About the job
Everest Clinical Research (“Everest”) is a full-service contract research organization (CRO) providing a broad range of expertise-based clinical research services to worldwide pharmaceutical, biotechnology, and medical device industries. We serve some of the best-known companies and work with many of the most advanced drugs, biologics, and medical devices in development today.

Everest has been an independent CRO since 2004 with a strong foundation as a statistical and data management center of excellence. Building on this foundation, Everest has successfully developed and established itself as a full-service CRO. Everest’s headquarters are located in Markham (Greater Toronto Area), Ontario, Canada with additional sites in Bridgewater (Greater New York City Area), New Jersey, USA, Shanghai (Pudong Zhangjiang New District), China and Taipei, Taiwan.

Everest is known in the industry for its high quality deliverables, superior customer service, and flexibility in meeting clients’ needs. A dynamic organization with an entrepreneurial origin, Everest continues to experience exceptional growth and great success.

Quality is our backbone, customer-focus is our tradition, flexibility is our strength…that’s us…that’s Everest.

To drive continued success in this exciting clinical research field, we are seeking committed, skilled, and customer-focused individuals to join our winning team as Senior Biostatisticians for our Markham, Ontario on-site location, or remotely from a home-based office anywhere in Canada in accordance with our Work from Home policy.

Key Accountabilities

 Leadership and Project Management:
Lead efforts in resolving day to day work related issues and problems, securing quality, improving efficiency and productivity of statistical and programming operations.
Lead assigned projects by applying project management skills, statistical and programming techniques; achieve quality and on time delivery of deliverables, earn client’s trust and repeat business.
 Statistical Planning and Methodologies:
Provide statistical expertise for design, analysis and reporting of clinical trials and research projects.
Contribute to the writing of statistical sections of study protocols, perform sample size calculation, develop randomization specifications, and generate randomization codes.
Write Statistical Analysis Plans (SAPs) and properly address Peer Statistician review comments.
Create and maintain Statistical and Programming Quality Control (QC) and QA Plans for assigned projects.
Provide input to unblinded data management plan when required.
Assist in research and development of statistical methodologies and processes.
 Statistical Programming:
Develop and/or review ADaM dataset specifications. Review and provide input to SDTM dataset specifications when required.
Perform QC validation of analysis datasets and TLGs.
Perform third level review of dry runs and final run.
Lead statistical dry runs and final run by actively participating or contributing to project and resources management, addressing statistical and programming questions and interacting with data management to follow up and resolve data issues.
Review and provide input to the Analysis Data Reviewer’s Guide, discuss and incorporate Data Standards Reviewer’s review comments to ensure quality of the document.
 Statistical Analysis and Reporting, and Publication Support:
Perform statistical analysis as per SAP, and address peer/QC review comments and findings.
Perform statistical validation of core results, address additional QC validation comments and findings on the core results.
Plan and conduct or contribute to the trial results reporting/dissemination meetings.
Under supervision contribute to the contents describing any deviation from the planned analysis and deviation from study conduct for the Clinical Study Report (CSR). Review CSR to ensure accuracy, completeness and appropriateness of the interpretation of the statistical results.
Write statistical report or statistical sections of the CSR.
Perform statistical analyses for publications, including but not limited to abstracts, manuscripts, presentations and posters.
 Supporting Clinical Data Collection and Cleaning:
Provide statistical input to Case Report Forms (CRF) design and database/variable structure.
Provide statistical input to non-CRF data collection and acquisition methods and approaches.
Review Data Management Plan sections relating to critical data collection and cleaning. Provide statistical input to Data Validation Specification.
Specify and/or program database quality acceptance checks, assess and report data quality issues, and follow through until resolution.
Perform ongoing assessment and communication of data quality issues, including protocol deviations.
Assist data management and trial management team in preparing for database lock.
 Complete job required and project-specific training. Comply with applicable Everest and trial sponsor’s policies, SOPs, and work instructions.
 Properly archive study files in accordance with trial sponsor’s requirements.
 Plan and carry out professional development activities.

Qualifications And Experience

A Ph.D. degree in statistical science, mathematical analysis or related fields plus 2 years highly relevant experience or a Master’s degree plus 4 years highly relevant experience, with demonstrated ability and sustained performance.

To find out more about Everest Clinical Research and to review other opportunities, please visit our website at www.ecrscorp.com.

We thank all interested applicants, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted.

Everest is committed to upholding the principles of dignity, independence, integration, and equal opportunity. We welcome and encourage applications from people with disabilities, and upon request we will provide accommodations for candidates participating in any part of our recruitment and selection process.
About the job
Job Description

Analyst, Enterprise Analytics

Who We’re Looking For

The Enterprise Analytics team is looking for an analyst to help design, build, and deliver data solutions and insights across all parts of the Zendesk enterprise. Enterprise Insights is an ‘end-to-end’ analytics team, meaning that we often start with raw data, build into meaningful datasets, visualize it, and deliver insights from it. Analysts that are inquisitive, collaborative, and are always looking to learn and grow will thrive on this team!

This position is in-office, but candidates only have to work 2-3 days onsite per week. We require fluency in written and spoken English.

What You’ll Be Doing

 Develop a strong partnership with key stakeholders within the business and thoroughly understand their business strategy and operational objectives 
Develop SQL queries and perform analysis to understand trends in customer experiences and business health performance
Improve business and operational efficiency by developing, automating, and maintaining scalable processes, tools, and dashboards
Develop data solutions that enable self-service by getting key data to decision makers
Identify areas for improvement using actionable analysis and develop compelling insights and recommendations 
Work with large amounts of data from many data sources and develop subject matter expertise on how it all connects together and relates back to the customer 
Measure and track efficiencies gained and ROI realized as a result of improving the way the organization engages with our customers 

What you bring to the role

Basic Qualifications

BS/BA or equivalent in a quantitative field e.g., math, statistics, engineering, economics, finance, computer science
Experience with SQL (or similar language) 
True passion for data and analytics and the value of data-driven decision making
An analytical approach, with the intellectual curiosity to search for context and insight behind the numbers paired with a strong eye for business
Able to tell a visual story that leads to results and decision making
Team player with strong relationship building, communication and presentation skills 

Preferred Qualifications

Experience working in an Agile/Scrum development environment a plus
Experience with data visualization / BI tools (e..g, Tableau, Looker, etc.)

Where We Work

Being digital first doesn’t mean we’re digital only. In this role, our hybrid experience is designed at the team level to give you a rich onsite experience packed with connection, collaboration, learning, and celebration - while also giving you flexibility to work remotely for part of the week. This role must attend our Montreal office on a weekly basis for part of the week. The specific in-office schedule is to be determined by the hiring manager.

The Intelligent Heart Of Customer Experience

Zendesk software was built to bring a sense of calm to the chaotic world of customer service. Today we power billions of conversations with brands you know and love. We advocate for digital first customer experiences—and we stick with it in our workplace. Over 5,000 employees worldwide are collaborating from kitchen tables, home offices, coworking spaces, and Zendesk workspaces to make one team.

Zendesk is an equal opportunity employer, and we’re proud of our ongoing efforts to foster global diversity, equity, & inclusion in the workplace. Individuals seeking employment and employees at Zendesk are considered without regard to race, color, religion, national origin, age, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, sexual orientation, marital status, medical condition, ancestry, disability, military or veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by applicable law. We are an AA/EEO/Veterans/Disabled employer. If you are based in the United States and would like more information about your EEO rights under the law, please click here.

Zendesk endeavors to make reasonable accommodations for applicants with disabilities and disabled veterans pursuant to applicable federal and state law. If you are an individual with a disability and require a reasonable accommodation to submit this application, complete any pre-employment testing, or otherwise participate in the employee selection process, please send an e-mail to peopleandplaces@zendesk.com with your specific accommodation request.
About the job
#WeAreCrowdStrike and our mission is to stop breaches. As a global leader in cybersecurity, our team changed the game. Since our inception, our market leading cloud-native platform has offered unparalleled protection against the most sophisticated cyberattacks. We’re looking for people with limitless passion, a relentless focus on innovation and a fanatical commitment to the customer to join us in shaping the future of cybersecurity. Consistently recognized as a top workplace, CrowdStrike is committed to cultivating an inclusive, remote-first culture that offers people the autonomy and flexibility to balance the needs of work and life while taking their career to the next level. Interested in working for a company that sets the standard and leads with integrity? Join us on a mission that matters - one team, one fight.

About The Role

CrowdStrike Intelligence, a core component of CrowdStrike Counter Adversary Operations, is seeking to hire a Senior Intelligence Analyst for its Intelligence Analysis Cell (IAC) to focus on eCrime. This position will primarily conduct analysis on established and emerging actors in the eCrime ecosystem, criminal operating models, monetization techniques, and the geographic diversity of eCrime. This position is instrumental in providing unique insight into the strategic context and operating environment of adversaries through finished intelligence products used by CrowdStrike customers and stakeholders.

What You'll Do

Analyze financially-motivated cyber actors and compose long- and short-form finished intelligence reports related to actor tracking, monetization methods, commodity and closed malware groups, and fraud techniques
Research, assess, and report on specific cyber threat actor and adversary capabilities, motivations, and Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures (TTPs)
Provide clear and concise written responses to customer requests for information (RFIs) and contribute to briefings where necessary
Work in a collaborative environment with other analysts, technical experts, and customer-facing personnel
Assist in research prioritization efforts and intelligence gap identification

What You'll Need

5+ years’ experience conducting research in the field of eCrime to include producing intelligence assessments and handling ad-hoc requests for information (RFIs)
A strong understanding of current and emerging threats related to financially-motivated computer intrusions, scams, and fraud techniques
In-depth knowledge of current underground criminal forums and marketplaces, digital currency use in criminal activity, enabling infrastructures, monetization methods, money laundering, and access brokers
A general understanding of commonly used criminal malware, botnets, and access brokers
An ability to express complex technical and non-technical concepts verbally, graphically, and in writing
Excellent English writing and open-source research skills
Comprehensive practical knowledge of intelligence analysis and collection skills
An analytic mindset capable of applying best practices such as structured analysis, awareness of biases and other pitfalls, and critical thinking in source evaluation
Undergraduate degree in cybersecurity, general intelligence studies, security studies, criminal justice, political science, international relations; or equivalent military training and experience in a cyber intelligence/security MOS
Technical and non-technical security certifications pertaining to financial crimes analysis, anti-money laundering (AML), or cyber threat intelligence

Preferred

Graduate or professional degrees in any of the aforementioned fields
Ability to utilize graph analysis tools (e.g., i2 Analyst Notebook, Maltego) to create both working-level and presentation-grade visualization charts
Experience contributing to Computer Network Operations (CNO) campaign tracking, including working with technical indicators pertaining to malware and network infrastructure
Formal foreign language training or competency, especially in Russian, Farsi, Chinese, Spanish, or Portuguese

Benefits Of Working At CrowdStrike

Remote-first culture
Market leader in compensation and equity awards
Competitive vacation and flexible working arrangements 
Comprehensive and inclusive health benefits
Physical and mental wellness programs
Paid parental leave, including adoption 
A variety of professional development and mentorship opportunities
Offices with stocked kitchens when you need to fuel innovation and collaboration

We are committed to fostering a culture of belonging where everyone feels seen, heard, valued for who they are and empowered to succeed. Our approach to cultivating a diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture is rooted in listening, learning and collective action. By embracing the diversity of our people, we achieve our best work and fuel innovation - generating the best possible outcomes for our customers and the communities they serve.

CrowdStrike is committed to maintaining an environment of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action. If you need reasonable accommodation to access the information provided on this website, please contact Recruiting@crowdstrike.com , for further assistance.

CrowdStrike participates in the E-Verify program.

Notice of E-Verify Participation

Right to Work

CrowdStrike, Inc. is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in the U.S. is $110,000 - $175,000 per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

CrowdStrike Canada ULC is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in Canada is $110,000 - $180,000 CAD per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

Expected Close Date of Job Posting is:02-22-2024
About the job
Agilus is recruiting for a Senior Data Analyst/ Workstream Leader  in the  Utilities Sector in a hybrid work environment in Calgary, Alberta. 

This opportunity provides the flexibility to work from home and the office. Collaborate with an experienced team of professionals in a fast-paced environment never short on new and exciting initiatives.

Responsibilities

Leading the data readiness activities (assessment,cleansing, enrichment) for a workstream 
Maintaining the data readiness backlog, including own and tasks of business SMEs 
Work with other ERP data workstream analysts to ensure a consistent approach to data analysis documentation
Assisting the business to define the data improvement plans, including the approach, tasks and tools to correct the data quality issues

You Bring

Over 5 years Python and/ SQL Technical data quality analysis, including the development of testing/ transformation scripts 
ERP data governance experience, including the definition of data standards and documentation of quality improvement plans
ERP data migration experience in a data role

What's In It For You

Opportunity for extension. 
Chance to work in a supportive environment while developing professionally. 
Work with an industry leader that takes on new and exciting ventures. 

Interested?

Please apply directly online by email ranheliger@agilus.ca

Agilus would like to thank all candidates for their interest in this opportunity. Due to the volume of resumes we receive; we may only be able to respond directly to those candidates being selected for an interview.

We encourage you to visit agilus.ca regularly or subscribe to our email alerts at agilus.ca/Account/Register as new exciting employment opportunities become available daily.
About the job
We are a data-driven company with a collegial atmosphere looking for performance-driven team members who can do great work for application in the algorithmic trading industry.
 Our ideal candidate is a recent (or soon-to-be) PhD graduate, with experience in an academic or post-doc research workplace, looking to apply their quantitative skills to the real world. Our approach is to train successful candidates about our industry, markets, and products, as such we are looking for people seeking their initial foray in the financial industry.
 About You:
You are motivated by intellectual challenges, curiosity, and solving problems. You are performance and results driven. You continuously seek to understand new and better approaches to analyze and interpret ‘dirty’ data to improve investment results. You enjoy coding. You love to see your work put into practice. For individuals currently living outside of Vancouver, we offer relocation assistance.
 What You’ll Do:
● Drive projects to completion that will contribute to an existing trading strategy
● Write code to automate every aspect of the trading system
● Code in Python and use relational time-series databases (kdb+)
● Analyze ‘dirty’ data sets to identify possible investment signals
● Develop predictive quantities to improve existing trading strategy
● Take charge of your own projects, while collaborating with your colleagues and with the portfolio manager
 What You Bring:
● Mandatory: Ph.D. in mathematics, physics or related fields in quantitative disciplines with a Masters in the hard sciences (including if you will be graduating with a Ph.D. within the next 12 months).
● Highly analytical, keen attention to detail.
● Innate curiosity and an exceptional critical thinker who is result-oriented.
● Ability to implement your ideas in code
● Programming experience in Python
● Demonstrated expertise in statistics and mathematical modelling.
● Strong communications skills (both verbal and written).
● Thrive in a performance-based environment.
● Require excellence of yourself and in the work you produce.
 Nice to Have:
● Experience participating in national or international math, physics or computer science competitions is strongly preferred
● Experience with C++, R, kdb+ and working in Unix environment.
● Legally entitled to work in Canada (however for exceptional candidates we can provide immigration assistance)
 Compensation & Benefits:
● From $120,000/year plus bonus based on performance
● Extended healthcare with usual features including dental, vision and $1,000/year flex component for physio and other such items
● RRSP matching on a dollar-for-dollar basis
 How to Apply:
Apply online to see if you’re our newest Quant today!
https://numerixsquant.com/careers.php
About the job
The Senior Biostatistician serves a lead role on projects. He/she interacts with team members in designing and analyzing clinical trials. Key responsibilities and skills include, but are not limited to:

Responsible for protocol development including study design, sample size estimation, randomization, and statistical analysis plan for assigned studies.
Provide statistical oversight to studies and assure adequate quality and consistency with project requirements.
Responsible for accuracy and completeness of database quality checks.
Responsible for assuring that data for statistical analyses are complete, accurate and consistent.
Responsible for statistical analysis plans and the accuracy and timeliness of statistical input into reports or decisions.
Responsible for validity of analysis and alternative analysis strategies when unforeseen circumstances arise.
Demonstrates extensive understanding of statistical concepts and methodologies. Recognizes and corrects flaws in scientific reasoning and statistical interpretation.
Responsible for accuracy and consistency of statistical tables, figures, and data listings, accuracy of report text, and consistency between summary tables in the body of reports and the corresponding source tables and listings.
Responsible for statistical methods section for the reports. Identifies and corrects flaws in interpretation of results, inconsistency in presentation or inference, adherence to the report guidelines, and assures project-wide consistency.
Effectively mentor non-statistical peers with regards to statistical methodology and provide appropriate background, motivation, and training to junior statisticians.
Effectively coordinate assignments and review deliverables so that projects are delivered on time with high quality.


Requirements:

MS or PhD in Statistics, Biostatistics or related field. Ph.D. with 2+ years of experience or MS with 4+ years of experience.
High degree of technical competence and communication skill, both oral and written.
Competent in experimental design, descriptive and inferential statistics.
Pharmaceutical, CRO, or related industry experience with clinical trials. 


ClinChoice is an Equal Opportunity Employer / Committed to Diversity
About the job
Renseignements généraux

Vous avez envie d’action ? De travailler au sein d’une équipe dynamique ? De participer à l’amélioration de la qualité de vie des Québécoises et des Québécois ? Saisissez cette occasion de mettre de l’avant votre implication et votre créativité afin de faire concrètement la différence. Le ministère des Transports et de la Mobilité durable (le Ministère) vous offre notamment un milieu de vie qui privilégie de nouvelles pratiques de gestion audacieuses et mieux adaptées aux réalités de la nouvelle génération. Grâce à l’approche Entreprise en santé, le Ministère est soucieux de la qualité de vie au travail de son personnel et désire offrir un milieu collaboratif, mobilisateur et respectueux, qui favorise la santé et le mieux-être des personnes. Laissez-vous transporter vers de nouveaux défis et joignez-vous au ministère des Transports et de la Mobilité durable !

Vous êtes à la recherche d’une opportunité exceptionnelle pour développer votre carrière et vous aimeriez contribuer à l’essor de l’intelligence artificielle dans le domaine des transports ? Rejoignez-nous aujourd’hui et faites partie d’une équipe passionnée qui écrira une nouvelle page de l’ère numérique!

 Analyste des données 

 Direction générale : Direction générale des ressources informationnelles et de la transformation numérique (DGRITN) 
 Direction générale adjointe : Direction générale adjointe de la gouvernance, de la sécurité informationnelle et de l’intelligence artificielle 
 Direction : Direction de la gouvernance des données et de l’intelligence artificielle (DGDIA) 
 Nombre d’emplois à pourvoir : 1 
 Statut de l’emploi : Régulier 
 Lieu de travail : 900 boulevard René-Lévesque Est, Québec* 
 Télétravail : en mode hybride 
 Horaire de travail : 35 heures par semaine 
 Date prévue d’entrée en fonction : Février 2024 
Étant un ministère qui œuvre partout sur le territoire et considérant la situation actuelle, nous avons l’opportunité de pourvoir cet emploi dans n’importe quelle région où il se trouve un bureau du ministère des Transports et la Mobilité durable

 Les défis que nous vous proposons 

La DGDIA est une toute nouvelle direction qui a la responsabilité de coordonner la gouvernance et la valorisation des données pour le Ministère et d’assurer le développement de l’automatisation et de l’intelligence artificielle aux différents secteurs d’affaires. Chez nous, vous trouverez un environnement de travail stimulant, des possibilités d’apprentissage en continu, une culture organisationnelle axée sur l’excellence et un climat de travail des plus agréables. Votre prochaine grande aventure professionnelle commence ici! En tant qu’analyste des données, vous serez responsable de la collecte, de l’analyse et de l’interprétation des données dans le contexte de projets d’intelligence artificielle. Dans votre rôle, vous aurez à :

 Analyser les besoins, les préoccupations, les enjeux et les problématiques de la gestion des données au Ministère ; 
 Définir, concevoir et mettre en place des mesures et des indicateurs liés à la gestion des données au Ministère ; 
 Tenir des registres précis des activités liées aux données, des méthodes utilisées et des résultats obtenus afin de garantir la reproductibilité et la transparence des travaux ; 
 Participer au choix des caractéristiques et variables les plus pertinentes à inclure dans les modèles afin d’améliorer les performances de l’intelligence artificielle ; 
 Promouvoir les bonnes pratiques, les normes et les standards au sein des solutions d’intelligence artificielle pour répondre au besoin de visualisation et de présentation de l’information ; 
 Garantir la qualité des résultats obtenus et contribuer à la certification des produits informationnels en soutenant la standardisation des méthodes d’exploitation des données ; 
 Assurer le lien de la gestion des données entre les secteurs d’affaires et les RI ; 
 Participer, en collaboration avec les ressources informationnelles, à la création des produits informationnels afin de permettre une utilisation conviviale et documenter les portées de ceux-ci. 

 Les avantages de travailler au ministère des Transports et de la Mobilité durable 

 Régime de retraite à prestations déterminées avantageux ; 
 Régime d’assurances collectives ; 
 20 jours de vacances après seulement un an de service et 13 jours fériés ; 
 Mesures de conciliation travail et vie personnelle ; 
 Horaire variable ; 
 Sécurité d’emploi ; 
 Programme d’aide aux employés (PAE) ; 
 Programme de soutien aux études ; 
 Service de formation et de développement au sein de l’organisation ; 
 Soutien financier à la pratique d’activités physiques. 

 Salaire annuel : 

51 776 $ à 90 110 $ selon l’expérience

L’échelle salariale peut être consultée sur le site Web du Secrétariat du Conseil du trésor . À l’embauche, l’échelon sera déterminé en fonction de l’expérience du candidat.

La rémunération est déterminée en fonction de la pertinence de votre scolarité et de vos expériences en lien avec l’emploi. Par conséquent, il est important de bien les détailler dans votre formulaire d’inscription qui servira de référence.

Profil recherché

 Les qualités que nous recherchons : 

 S’adapter facilement aux changements et aimer le travail en équipe ; 
 Faire preuve d’autonomie, de créativité et d’initiative ; 
 Démontrer un excellent sens de l’organisation et une grande rigueur ; 
 Posséder une excellente connaissance de la langue française parlée et écrite. 

 La personne recherchée doit satisfaire aux exigences de l’emploi : 

 Détenir un diplôme universitaire de premier cycle dans le domaine de l’informatique, de l’administration ou dans un domaine jugé pertinent dont l’obtention requiert un minimum de 90 crédits ou une attestation d’études pertinentes dont l’équivalence est reconnue par l’autorité compétente. 1 

La candidature d’une personne qui est en voie de terminer la dernière année de scolarité exigée pour l’obtention du diplôme requis pourrait être considérée.

Chaque année de scolarité manquante peut être compensée par une année de scolarité pertinente de niveau égal ou supérieur à celle exigée. Le diplôme exigé peut également être compensé par une maîtrise dans une discipline pertinente comportant un minimum de 45 crédits.

 Posséder au moins une (1) année d’expérience comme analyste des données. 
 Avoir une connaissance du français appropriée aux fonctions ; 
 Posséder la citoyenneté canadienne, le statut de résident permanent ou un permis de travail émis par l’autorité fédérale compétente pour occuper un emploi dans la fonction publique du Québec². 

 Autres éléments du profil recherché : 

 Connaitre l’environnement informationnel et l’intelligence d’affaires en soutien aux besoins stratégiques, tactiques et opérationnels ; 
 Connaitre les outils d’analyse et d’exploitation des données pour des fins de production d’information, notamment : SQL de Oracle, Oracle PL/SQL, PostegreSQL, Microsoft PowerPivot, Power BI, Oracle Discoverer, Python/R et SSRS ; 

Ce ou ces postes sont à pourvoir dans la ou les villes suivantes : Toutes les régions du Québec

Modalités d'inscription

 Période d’inscription :  Du 17 janvier au 4 février 2024 à 23 h 59.

L’inscription doit obligatoirement s’effectuer à l’aide du formulaire d’inscription en ligne. Pour soumettre votre candidature, vous devez cliquer sur « Poser ma candidature ». À noter que vous devez enregistrer votre dossier et cliquer sur le bouton « Soumettre » pour confirmer votre inscription au processus de sélection.

Pour plus d’informations sur la procédure à suivre, pour remplir et transmettre le formulaire d’inscription en ligne, consultez Processus de sélection | Gouvernement du Québec (quebec.ca)

 Veuillez noter qu’il est de votre responsabilité de fournir un dossier complet et détaillé. Il est important  de bien : 

 Détailler votre scolarité ; 
 Détailler vos expériences de travail, notamment en inscrivant votre emploi actuel et vos emplois antérieurs ; 
 Indiquer, à l’aide du menu déroulant de la section « Exigences et atouts », si vous détenez les exigences de l’emploi et atouts spécifiques indiqués à la section « Profil recherché » (si applicable). C’est notamment avec cette information que les candidatures répondant le mieux au profil recherché seront repérées. Lorsque vous aurez soumis votre candidature, les informations contenues dans le formulaire ne pourront plus être modifiées ; 
 Joindre toutes les pièces justificatives appuyant votre candidature. 

 Aucun curriculum vitae n’est accepté ni aucune candidature transmise par courriel. 

 Veuillez noter que seules les personnes retenues pour une entrevue seront contactées. 

 Des questions ? Nous y répondrons avec grand plaisir ! 

 Informations sur le processus de sélection 

Yoan Cyr – Conseiller en attraction des talents -

yoan.cyr@transports.gouv.qc.ca

 Informations sur les attributions de l’emploi 

Reine-Bernadette Youan, Directrice, DGDIA

reine-bernadette.youan@transports.gouv.qc.ca

 Informations sur les modalités d’inscription en ligne : 

Si vous éprouvez des difficultés à postuler en ligne ou si vous croyez nécessaire d’apporter des modifications à votre formulaire pendant la période d’inscription, vous pouvez communiquer avec le Centre d’assistance en dotation pour la région de Québec, au 418 528-7157, ou ailleurs au Québec, au numéro sans frais au 1 866 672-3460.

La fonction publique du Québec applique des mesures d’accès à l’égalité en emploi à l’intention des membres des minorités visibles, des membres des minorités ethniques, des personnes handicapées, des personnes autochtones et des femmes.

1- Pour être considérée, toute scolarité effectuée hors du Canada doit faire l’objet d’une évaluation comparative (attestation d’équivalence) délivrée par le ministère de l’Immigration, de la Francisation et de l’Intégration (MIFI).

2- Une personne en attente de la preuve de son statut de résident permanent ou d’un permis de travail peut soumettre sa candidature au présent processus de sélection. Toutefois, elle devra être autorisée à travailler légalement au Canada au moment de sa nomination.

 Apprends-en davantage sur nous : 

 FAIRE CARRIÈRE AU MINISTÈRE DES TRANSPORTS ET DE LA MOBILITÉ DURABLE 

Les défis à relever sont nombreux et stimulants. Intervenant de premier plan dans l’économie du Québec, le Ministère a pour mission et mandat d’assurer, sur l’ensemble de son territoire, la mobilité durable des personnes et des marchandises par des systèmes de transport efficaces et sécuritaires. Vaste organisation, le Ministère emploie plus de 8 500 personnes et gère 31 000 kilomètres de routes et 11 000 structures. Concrètement, le Ministère entretient, rend sécuritaires, conçoit et bâtit les vastes réseaux de transport maritime, ferroviaire, aérien et routier du Québec tout en innovant et en respectant l’environnement.

 LA DIRECTION DE LA GOUVERNANCE DES DONNÉES ET DE L’INTELLIGENCE ARTIFICIELLE (DVGDIA) 

La DGDIA conseille la haute direction et les utilisateurs sur l’utilisation optimale des données et des technologies d’IA. Son mandat est de développer, améliorer, entretenir et exploiter les technologies de l’information liées aux données et à l’IA pour soutenir la mission du Ministère et répondre à ses besoins. La direction élabore et promeut des normes, politiques et directives pour l’automatisation et l’utilisation responsable de l’IA, veillant à l’intégrité et à la sécurité des données. Elle encourage l’innovation en promouvant l’adoption de nouvelles technologies et en favorisant l’échange d’idées. Elle assure un rôle de surveillance pour s’assurer que l’utilisation des données et de l’IA respecte les lois et politiques en vigueur, établissant des mécanismes de contrôle et de vérification.

Visitez notre site Web Emplois au Quebec.ca/emplois-transports
About the job
Founded in Vancouver, Canada in 2003, Plenty of Fish is one of the early pioneers in the online dating industry, with one of the largest and most diverse communities of singles. We're one of the top revenue-driving brands in the Match Group (comprised of Tinder, OkCupid, Hinge and Match.com).

We love what we do, and have the ability to profoundly impact millions of people's lives every single day! Named one of BC’s Top Employers, Plenty of Fish is a great place to build friendships, grow your career and collaborate with top talent.

We work hybrid at Plenty of Fish - IRL in our downtown Vancouver office Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday and work remotely the remainder of the week!

We are looking for someone to be a part of our outstanding Product Analytics team, who will be working cross-functionally with the rest of the organization to help identify, understand, and improve business and product challenges facing Plenty of Fish. The Senior Product Analyst will deliver high-quality strategic and tactical analysis; collaborating with the product, engineering, data science, business intelligence, customer service, and marketing teams.

 So, what will you do? 

Provide a variety of stakeholders from Executives, Product Managers, Engineering Managers, or other Data Analysts, with deep-dive quantitative analyses and present them in an immediately usable format, extracting key insights from extensive, complex data sets
Proactively find opportunities to take analytics framework into the next level and lead stakeholders to adopt new frameworks and methodologies
Quantitatively analyze user behaviour to help determine product strategy and drive business decisions, including driving decisions from A/B test learnings
Take ownership of ambiguous and complex analytical assignments


You'll be a match for this role if you have..

5+ years of progressive experience using quantitative analysis to make business-focused recommendations
Strong communication skills at different levels of organizational hierarchy
Strong understanding of incrementally as well as sizing business problems and opportunities 
Proven technical data analytics skills in working with large amounts of data at different levels of aggregation, from raw telemetry to metric stores. 
Experience with raw clickstream data (telemetry event data) and datasets of 100 million+ records
Experience with web/digital analytics metrics (Daily Active Users, Retention, Churn)
Understanding of basic statistical concepts such as confidence interval, normal distribution, correlation, linear regression, and multivariate testing
Proficiency with SQL or other query languages
Strong experience with A/B test analysis
In depth experience with data visualization and analytical tools (E.g. Tableau, PowerBI, Looker)
Proactive skill set that encompasses problem identification, analysis, solution definition, results, and communication
Experience with Python or a willingness to learn


$135,000 - $145,000 a year

 Factors such as scope and responsibilities of the position, candidate's work experience, education/training, job-related skills, internal peer equity, as well as market and business considerations may influence base pay offered. This salary range is reflective of a position based in Vancouver, British Columbia. 

We would love to hear from you, even if you don't match 100% of the requirements**


Why Plenty of Fish?

 We're recognized as one of BC's Top Employers 2023 !
 Generous vacation, flex days, professional development days
 RRSP matching, and employee stock purchase plan
 Professional development budget and unlimited access to Udemy from day one
 Match Group mentorship program
 Parental leave top up and fertility preservation benefits
 Extended health & dental benefits from day one
 Corporate ClassPass membership and other wellness benefits
 And many more on our careers page


Our Values

 Be Proud - We own our ship. We see challenges as opportunities and take action. 
 Make Waves - We profoundly impact millions of peoples' lives, every day.
 Dive Deep - We empathize with our members and use data to surface thoughtful decisions.
 Crew Together - We're all working towards the same goals and win as a team.


Want To Dive Deeper?

LinkedIn

Glassdoor

 We’re committed to creating an equal and inclusive environment; we welcome all crew (and prospective crew) members regardless of race, colour, ancestry, place of origin, political belief, religion, marital status, family status, physical or mental disability, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, age, conviction unrelated to employment, or any other prohibited ground of discrimination recognized by applicable law. Plenty of Fish is proud to be an equal opportunity workplace.
About the job
#WeAreCrowdStrike and our mission is to stop breaches. As a global leader in cybersecurity, our team changed the game. Since our inception, our market leading cloud-native platform has offered unparalleled protection against the most sophisticated cyberattacks. We’re looking for people with limitless passion, a relentless focus on innovation and a fanatical commitment to the customer to join us in shaping the future of cybersecurity. Consistently recognized as a top workplace, CrowdStrike is committed to cultivating an inclusive, remote-first culture that offers people the autonomy and flexibility to balance the needs of work and life while taking their career to the next level. Interested in working for a company that sets the standard and leads with integrity? Join us on a mission that matters - one team, one fight.

About The Role

CrowdStrike Intelligence, a core component of CrowdStrike Counter Adversary Operations, is seeking to hire a Senior Intelligence Analyst for its Intelligence Analysis Cell (IAC) to focus on eCrime. This position will primarily conduct analysis on established and emerging actors in the eCrime ecosystem, criminal operating models, monetization techniques, and the geographic diversity of eCrime. This position is instrumental in providing unique insight into the strategic context and operating environment of adversaries through finished intelligence products used by CrowdStrike customers and stakeholders. Particular to this role, CrowdStrike is seeking individuals with knowledge and experience related to cryptocurrency investigations, blockchain analysis, and criminal interactions with illicit and legitimate financial service providers.

What You'll Do

Analyze financially-motivated cyber actors and compose long- and short-form finished intelligence reports related to actor tracking, monetization methods, commodity and closed malware groups, and fraud techniques
Research, assess, and report on specific cyber threat actor and adversary capabilities, motivations, and Tactics, Techniques, and Procedures (TTPs)
Provide clear and concise written responses to customer requests for information (RFIs) and contribute to briefings where necessary
Work in a collaborative environment with other analysts, technical experts, and customer-facing personnel
Assist in research prioritization efforts and intelligence gap identification

Required

What You'll Need:

5+ years’ experience conducting research in the field of eCrime to include producing intelligence assessments and handling ad-hoc requests for information (RFIs)
A strong understanding of current and emerging threats related to financially-motivated computer intrusions, scams, and fraud techniques
In-depth knowledge of current underground criminal forums and marketplaces, digital currency use in criminal activity, enabling infrastructures, monetization methods, money laundering, and access brokers
A general understanding of commonly used criminal malware, botnets, and access brokers
An ability to express complex technical and non-technical concepts verbally, graphically, and in writing
Excellent English writing and open-source research skills
Comprehensive practical knowledge of intelligence analysis and collection skills
An analytic mindset capable of applying best practices such as structured analysis, awareness of biases and other pitfalls, and critical thinking in source evaluation
Undergraduate degree in cybersecurity, general intelligence studies, security studies, criminal justice, political science, international relations; or equivalent military training and experience in a cyber intelligence/security MOS
Technical and non-technical security certifications pertaining to financial crimes analysis, anti-money laundering (AML), or cyber threat intelligence
Technical security certifications pertaining to cryptocurrency investigations or blockchain analysis (e.g., Chainalysis Cryptocurrency Fundamentals Certification [CCFC], Chainalysis Reactor Certification [CRC], TRM Certified Investigator [CI], Elliptic Product Certification, Ciphertrace Blockchain and Cryptocurrency Essentials Certification [BCEC], McAfee Certified Cryptocurrency Forensic Investigator [CCFI], Blockchain Intelligence Group Certified Cryptocurrency Investigator [CCI])

Preferred

Graduate or professional degrees in any of the aforementioned fields
Ability to utilize graph analysis tools (e.g., i2 Analyst Notebook, Maltego) to create both working-level and presentation-grade visualization charts
Experience contributing to Computer Network Operations (CNO) campaign tracking, including working with technical indicators pertaining to malware and network infrastructure
Extensive experience in conducting cryptocurrency investigations pertaining to criminal activity, including analyzing blockchain transaction data and assessing interactions between threat actors and illicit and legitimate financial service providers (e.g., darknet markets, ransomware actors, DeFi platforms, mining pools, mixers, merchant services)
Advanced technical security certifications pertaining to cryptocurrency investigations or blockchain analysis (e.g., Chainalysis Investigation Specialist Certification [CISC], TRM Advanced Crypto Investigator [ACI], Elliptic Specialist Investigator Certification, Ciphertrace Cryptocurrency Tracing Certified Examiner [CTCE])
Formal foreign language training or competency, especially in Russian, Farsi, Chinese, Spanish, or Portuguese

Benefits Of Working At CrowdStrike

Remote-first culture
Market leader in compensation and equity awards
Competitive vacation and flexible working arrangements 
Comprehensive and inclusive health benefits
Physical and mental wellness programs
Paid parental leave, including adoption 
A variety of professional development and mentorship opportunities
Offices with stocked kitchens when you need to fuel innovation and collaboration

We are committed to fostering a culture of belonging where everyone feels seen, heard, valued for who they are and empowered to succeed. Our approach to cultivating a diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture is rooted in listening, learning and collective action. By embracing the diversity of our people, we achieve our best work and fuel innovation - generating the best possible outcomes for our customers and the communities they serve.

CrowdStrike is committed to maintaining an environment of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action. If you need reasonable accommodation to access the information provided on this website, please contact Recruiting@crowdstrike.com , for further assistance.

CrowdStrike participates in the E-Verify program.

Notice of E-Verify Participation

Right to Work

CrowdStrike, Inc. is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in the U.S. is $110,000 - $175,000 per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

CrowdStrike Canada ULC is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in Canada is $110,000 - $180,000 CAD per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

Expected Close Date of Job Posting is:02-26-2024
About the job
#WeAreCrowdStrike and our mission is to stop breaches. As a global leader in cybersecurity, our team changed the game. Since our inception, our market leading cloud-native platform has offered unparalleled protection against the most sophisticated cyberattacks. We’re looking for people with limitless passion, a relentless focus on innovation and a fanatical commitment to the customer to join us in shaping the future of cybersecurity. Consistently recognized as a top workplace, CrowdStrike is committed to cultivating an inclusive, remote-first culture that offers people the autonomy and flexibility to balance the needs of work and life while taking their career to the next level. Interested in working for a company that sets the standard and leads with integrity? Join us on a mission that matters - one team, one fight.

About The Role

CrowdStrike Intelligence, a core component of CrowdStrike Counter Adversary Operations, is seeking a Senior Intelligence Analyst for its Global Threat Analysis Cell (GTAC) to focus on targeted intrusion activity related to China-nexus adversaries. This position will be primarily focused on tracking known adversaries and other cyber operations believed to emanate from China, as well as identifying and tracking trends associated with these operations. The Senior Intelligence Analyst will be required to research and report on cyber operations at both the strategic and tactical level as part of a close-knit team where collaboration is a critical driver for mission success. This position is instrumental in providing unique insight into adversary operations through finished Intelligence products used by CrowdStrike customers and stakeholders.

What You'll Do

Proactively identify and track targeted intrusion cyber threats, trends, and new developments by China-nexus adversaries through analysis of raw intelligence and data 
Apply analytic best practices and tradecraft to gathered intelligence in a consistent manner
Provide finished intelligence analysis and assessments to internal and external customers through written reporting, in varying predetermined suspense and depth, with minimal supervision
Collaborate across teams to inform various functions within CrowdStrike Intelligence about activity of interest and to coordinate adversary/campaign tracking, as well as enrich finished intelligence products
Identify intelligence gaps and submit requests for information to fill gaps
Provide peer review of proposed/draft reporting and analytic uplift to team members 
Prioritize, categorize, and respond to requests for information from internal and external customers
Conduct briefings as needed for a variety of levels of customers as requested (via either phone, video conference, webcast, in-person briefing, or industry conference)

What You'll Need

Motivated self-starter with 5+ years’ experience in a threat intelligence and cybersecurity environment, with a focus on state-nexus cyber operations
Comprehensive, practical knowledge of research/collection tradecraft and analytical methods—to include intrusion analysis
Strong analytic writing skills, particularly the ability to produce quality finished intelligence products on short deadlines as well as continuing to maintain analysis for, and report on, long-term strategic assessments with minimal assistance
Familiarity with computer networking fundamentals, computer network defense (CND) operations, host-based forensics and network traffic monitoring
Ability to independently identify and track adversary tradecraft trends 
Understanding of technical terminology, tools, and tactics employed by threat actors
An enthusiasm for collaboration, including being comfortable working in a team-oriented environment as well as across multiple teams to leverage subject matter expertise of colleagues
Passionate about taking the initiative to identify and develop new visibility into adversary operations
Ability or willingness to learn to conduct technical analysis of the tools and tradecraft used by threat actors
Knowledge of geopolitical issues and ability to use that information to support understanding of current and future impacts on the cyber threat landscape
Undergraduate degree, military training or relevant experience in cyber intelligence, computer science, general intelligence studies, security studies, political science, international relations, etc. 
Other technical security certifications or academic background, such as a graduate degree, are a plus.

Benefits Of Working At CrowdStrike

Remote-first culture
Market leader in compensation and equity awards
Competitive vacation and flexible working arrangements 
Comprehensive and inclusive health benefits
Physical and mental wellness programs
Paid parental leave, including adoption 
A variety of professional development and mentorship opportunities
Offices with stocked kitchens when you need to fuel innovation and collaboration

We are committed to fostering a culture of belonging where everyone feels seen, heard, valued for who they are and empowered to succeed. Our approach to cultivating a diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture is rooted in listening, learning and collective action. By embracing the diversity of our people, we achieve our best work and fuel innovation - generating the best possible outcomes for our customers and the communities they serve.

CrowdStrike is committed to maintaining an environment of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action. If you need reasonable accommodation to access the information provided on this website, please contact Recruiting@crowdstrike.com , for further assistance.

CrowdStrike participates in the E-Verify program.

Notice of E-Verify Participation

Right to Work

CrowdStrike, Inc. is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in the U.S. is $110,000 - $175,000 per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

CrowdStrike Canada ULC is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in Canada is $110,000 - $180,000 CAD per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

Expected Close Date of Job Posting is:02-11-2024
About the job
Opentext - The Information Company

As the Information Company, our mission at OpenText is to create software solutions and deliver services that redefine the future of digital. Be part of a winning team that leads the way in Enterprise Information Management.

The Opportunity

OpenText is looking for a strong candidate to be part of a diverse team responsible for the technical solution delivery of the SuccessFactors (HR System of Record) Recruiting and Onboarding.

This individual will report to the Director, IT- HR & Comp, and be able to effectively interact with the business partners and technical and operational resources.

This candidate will be an integral part of information systems development and integration for the OpenText IT Enterprise Applications organization.

You Are Great At

The Lead Systems Analyst will have the following responsibilities:

Lead the project delivery keeping multiple projects on track for a company and ensuring they are completed on time and according to specifications.
Led the implementation of Onboarding 2.0 and Phenom.
Lead M&A mass onboarding of acquisition employees and entities, integrations with other legacy HR, financial, and payroll applications, etc.
Support M&A activity to accelerate the planning and consolidation of core capabilities and applications such as employee migration, payroll, and benefit harmonization. 
Participate and lead Blueprint and design workshops with Business and IT Solution Architect. 
Responsible for transitioning solutions from a project delivery to an operational model coordinating with the IT Ent Apps Operations Team Lead.
Evaluate new systems and coordinate with the Solution Architect to formulate detailed plans to add new systems to the existing core infrastructure.
Enforce enterprise IT policies, procedures, and compliance within the HR IT work structure.
Create and maintain supporting technical documents about the platform and process.

What It Takes

Required Technical and Professional Expertise

Bachelor’s degree or equivalent in relevant discipline
Minimum 8 years experience with the SuccessFactors RCM, RMK, ONB 1.0 and ONB 2.0
Certified in SuccessFactors RCM and ONB
Experience with full cycle (end-to-end) implementations of SuccessFactors Recruiting and Onboarding Module
Strong understanding of SuccessFactors Employee Central
Experience with Phenom is preferred.
Self-starter that can work effectively as part of a team or individual contributor.
Strong skills, including analytical thinking, problem-solving, and superior communication, presentation, and interpersonal skills.

OpenText's efforts to build an inclusive work environment go beyond simply complying with applicable laws. Our Employment Equity and Diversity Policy provides direction on maintaining a working environment that is inclusive of everyone, regardless of culture, national origin, race, color, gender, gender identification, sexual orientation, family status, age, veteran status, disability, religion, or other basis protected by applicable laws. If you need assistance and/or a reasonable accommodation due to a disability during the application or recruiting process, please contact us at hr@opentext.com.
About the job
About Agoda

Agoda is an online travel booking platform for accommodations, flights, and more. We build and deploy cutting-edge technology that connects travelers with more than 3.6 million accommodations globally. Based in Asia and part of Booking Holdings, our 6,000+ employees representing 90+ nationalities foster a work environment rich in diversity, creativity, and collaboration. We innovate through a culture of experimentation and ownership, enhancing the ability for our customers to experience the world.

 Get to Know our  Team: 

The Performance Marketing Team of Agoda is a world leader in online marketing. This department is highly data-driven and focused on developing at-scale marketing programs that improve the lifetime value of Agoda customers through measurable marketing programs and channels. The team is a blend of the best analysts, marketing strategists, and data scientists in the world. The marketing leadership at Agoda have deep experience in data science, product, strategy, and other marketing fields and have built an organization that thrives on data, creative ideas, and technology. The Performance Marketing Team also fosters a great learning environment. You will be able to learn and grow by working closely with experts from a variety of backgrounds from all over the world.

 In this role, you’ll get  to: 

Take ownership of analytical projects end to end from extracting and exploring data, generating hypothesis, building a structured analysis, and rigorously evaluating methods and results
Provide analytical and valuable insights for decision-making support for key projects and management
Work closely with various business functions to identify opportunities, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets using different techniques and tools such as R studio or Tableau
Communicate findings and propose actionable recommendations to address the problems

 What you’ll need to  succeed: 

Bachelor Degree in Computer Science/Statistics/Math or Engineering or Economics and Finance
5+ years in Data Analyst position or otherwise in projects involving big data
People management and strong commercial acumen 
Proficient in business intelligence tools and data warehouse i.e. SQL, Tableau and MS Excel
Must be data savvy and love crunching numbers
Strong analytical and statistical analysis skills in order to extract insights and recommendations
Fluent in English with strong communication skills (both written and verbal)

 It’s great if you  have: 

Experience in R studio, data modeling, hypothesis testing is a plus #STRA#ANLS#MRKT#3 #Bengaluru #SãoPaulo #Delhi #NewYorkCity #Nigeria #London #Hyderabad #Pune #Mumbai #Colombia #Paris #Jakarta #Chennai #SanFrancisco #WashingtonDC #Toronto #Pakistan #LosAngeles #Dallas #Chicago #Kenya #Boston #Shanghai #Egypt #BuenosAires #Manila #Netherlands #Singapore #RiodeJaneiro #Beijing #Atlanta #Sydney #Madrid #Vietnam #SaudiArabia #Peru #Melbourne #Ireland #Russia #Bangladesh #MexicoCity #Philadelphia #Chile #SeattleArea #Noida #Kolkata #Guangdong #UnitedArabEmirates #TelAvivDistrict #Houston #KualaLumpur #BeloHorizonte #SouthKorea #Bangkok #Istanbul #Austin #Curitiba #Warsaw #Campinas #Barcelona #Ukraine #CostaRica #Berlin #Romania #Denver #Johannesburg #Minneapolis #Manchester #Miami #MexicoCity #Phoenix #Detroit #Coimbatore #Milan #PortoAlegre #Vancouver #Montreal #Charlotte #SanDiego #Ghana #SaltLakeCity #Raleigh #HongKong #Fortaleza #Munich #Prague #Ecuador #TampaBay #Tokyo #Serbia #Taipei #Cracow #Zhejiang #CapeTown #Brasilia #Columbus data representation data analysis SQL data analytics analytics python (programming language) data mining data science r (programming language) tableau analytical skills data visualization databases business analysis business intelligence (bi) microsoft sql server machine learning statistics microsoft power bi java 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

At Agoda, we pride ourselves on being a company represented by people of all different backgrounds and orientations. We prioritize attracting diverse talent and cultivating an inclusive environment that encourages collaboration and innovation. Employment at Agoda is based solely on a person’s merit and qualifications. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity regardless of sex, age, race, color, national origin, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, citizenship, veteran or military status, and other legally protected characteristics.

We will keep your application on file so that we can consider you for future vacancies and you can always ask to have your details removed from the file. For more details please read our privacy policy .

To all recruitment agencies: Agoda does not accept third party resumes. Please do not send resumes to our jobs alias, Agoda employees or any other organization location. Agoda is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
About the job
Our team has an immediate permanent opening for a Staff Researcher. 

Responsibilities:

Conduct research and develop NLP models and algorithms for Human Computer Interaction applications
Develop and evaluate new algorithms and techniques for improving the accuracy and performance of NLP models and their applications on the HCI problems
Collaborating with other engineers, designers, and researchers to integrate the NLP solutions into user-friendly and interactive applications and prototypes
Keeping up-to-date with the latest research and developments in the field of NLP and LLMs

Job requirements

What you’ll bring to the team:

Ph.D. in Computer Science, Machine Learning, NLP, or related field
At least 2 years of experience in developing and deploying NLP solutions using LLMs or other deep learning frameworks
Strong knowledge of machine learning and deep learning techniques, as well as experience in applying these techniques to NLP problems
Proficiency in Python and at least one of the following languages: Java, C++, or JavaScript
Experience with NLP frameworks and libraries such as TensorFlow, PyTorch, Hugging Face Transformers, NLTK, or spaCy
Experience with large-scale NLP datasets and language models is an asset
Experience in working with conversational agents or chatbots is an asset
Contribution to open-source NLP projects or research publication in top-tier NLP conferences such as ACL, EMNLP, or NAACL is an asset
About the job
Devenez un actif pour la collectivité!

Faites partie de l’équipe de la CDPQ et ressentez la fierté de contribuer à l’avenir financier de millions de Québécois.es en créant un monde plus durable.

À la CDPQ :


On valorise votre apport unique au sein d’une équipe d’envergure mondiale. 
On vous confie un travail qui vous permet de vous épanouir et de vous dépasser. 
On vous offre des occasions d’apprendre aux côtés d’expert.e.s généreux de leur savoir. 
On s’investit pleinement pour vous qui, chaque jour, réalisez notre mission. 


Description d'emploi

Stage d’une durée de quatre (4) mois – Septembre à décembre 2024

Intégrant l’équipe de Fonds Investissement et de la Gestion externe, le poste en Analyse et Recherche Quantitative implique de contribuer au développement ou à l’optimisation de modèles et outils d’analyse relatifs à la construction de portefeuille, à la mesure de la performance et au risque des gestionnaires. La personne en stage aura l’opportunité de travailler au quotidien dans une équipe d’investissement dynamique en gestion externe, qui investit dans plusieurs classes d’actifs à la Caisse.

Ce que vous ferez 


Réviser la robustesse d’implémentation des modèles développés à l’interne ;
Développer et tester de nouveaux modèles ;
Systématiser le modèle dans des outils qui seront utilisés par d’autres utilisateurs ;
Documenter les outils développés.


Ce que vous êtes 

Vous vous distinguez par votre :


Ambition ;
Imputabilité ;
Ouverture ;
Collaboration ;
Esprit d’analyse et de synthèse ;
Rigueur, autonomie et esprit d’équipe ;
Sens de l’organisation ;
Culture financière et créativité.


Ce que vous apportez


Être inscrit dans un programme de 2e ou 3e cycle finance quantitative, mathématiques ou informatique ;
Étudiant à la dernière année dans sa discipline ;
Excellentes aptitudes de programmation en Python et SQL (ou autres langages : C++, Matlab, VBA, Snowflake, Databricks) ;
Bonne connaissance des mathématiques financières et aptitude à mettre en application des modèles théoriques.
Très bonne connaissance du français, tant à l’oral qu’à l’écrit.


Sentir que mon rôle est important. Avoir du plaisir au quotidien. Pouvoir évoluer au rythme de mes ambitions. Obtenir une rémunération à la hauteur de ma contribution. C’est l’expérience professionnelle que m’offre la CDPQ !

Nous consultons avec attention chaque candidature et nous contacterons directement les personnes retenues pour une entrevue.

La CDPQ offre des chances d’emploi égales à tous et toutes. Elle invite les femmes, les membres des minorités visibles et ethniques, les personnes autochtones et les personnes handicapées à présenter leur candidature. La CDPQ s’engage également à poursuivre la promotion de l’équité, de la diversité et de l’inclusion comme valeur clé et à en faire une source d’enrichissement et de fierté pour l’ensemble de ses employé.e.s.


 Veuillez nous informer si votre condition actuelle nécessite des mesures d’adaptation dans le cadre du processus de recrutement.


Des études démontrent que les femmes et les personnes issues de groupes traditionnellement sous-représentés ont tendance à poser leur candidature uniquement lorsqu’elles répondent à toutes les exigences.

Si cette offre d’emploi vous motive, mais que vous ne correspondez pas à tous les critères, contactez-nous quand même!

La CDPQ représente la Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec et ses filiales.
About the job
#WeAreCrowdStrike and our mission is to stop breaches. As a global leader in cybersecurity, our team changed the game. Since our inception, our market leading cloud-native platform has offered unparalleled protection against the most sophisticated cyberattacks. We’re looking for people with limitless passion, a relentless focus on innovation and a fanatical commitment to the customer to join us in shaping the future of cybersecurity. Consistently recognized as a top workplace, CrowdStrike is committed to cultivating an inclusive, remote-first culture that offers people the autonomy and flexibility to balance the needs of work and life while taking their career to the next level. Interested in working for a company that sets the standard and leads with integrity? Join us on a mission that matters - one team, one fight.

About The Role

CrowdStrike Intelligence, a core component of CrowdStrike Counter Adversary Operations, is seeking a Senior Intelligence Analyst for its Global Threat Analysis Cell (GTAC) to focus on targeted intrusion activity related to China-nexus adversaries. This position will be primarily focused on tracking known adversaries and other cyber operations believed to emanate from China, as well as identifying and tracking trends associated with these operations. The Senior Intelligence Analyst will be required to research and report on cyber operations at both the strategic and tactical level as part of a close-knit team where collaboration is a critical driver for mission success. This position is instrumental in providing unique insight into adversary operations through finished Intelligence products used by CrowdStrike customers and stakeholders.

What You'll Do

Proactively identify and track targeted intrusion cyber threats, trends, and new developments by China-nexus adversaries through analysis of raw intelligence and data 
Apply analytic best practices and tradecraft to gathered intelligence in a consistent manner
Provide finished intelligence analysis and assessments to internal and external customers through written reporting, in varying predetermined suspense and depth, with minimal supervision
Collaborate across teams to inform various functions within CrowdStrike Intelligence about activity of interest and to coordinate adversary/campaign tracking, as well as enrich finished intelligence products
Identify intelligence gaps and submit requests for information to fill gaps
Provide peer review of proposed/draft reporting and analytic uplift to team members 
Prioritize, categorize, and respond to requests for information from internal and external customers
Conduct briefings as needed for a variety of levels of customers as requested (via either phone, video conference, webcast, in-person briefing, or industry conference)

What You'll Need

Motivated self-starter with 5+ years’ experience in a threat intelligence and cybersecurity environment, with a focus on state-nexus cyber operations
Comprehensive, practical knowledge of research/collection tradecraft and analytical methods—to include intrusion analysis
Strong analytic writing skills, particularly the ability to produce quality finished intelligence products on short deadlines as well as continuing to maintain analysis for, and report on, long-term strategic assessments with minimal assistance
Familiarity with computer networking fundamentals, computer network defense (CND) operations, host-based forensics and network traffic monitoring
Ability to independently identify and track adversary tradecraft trends 
Understanding of technical terminology, tools, and tactics employed by threat actors
An enthusiasm for collaboration, including being comfortable working in a team-oriented environment as well as across multiple teams to leverage subject matter expertise of colleagues
Passionate about taking the initiative to identify and develop new visibility into adversary operations
Ability or willingness to learn to conduct technical analysis of the tools and tradecraft used by threat actors
Knowledge of geopolitical issues and ability to use that information to support understanding of current and future impacts on the cyber threat landscape
Undergraduate degree, military training or relevant experience in cyber intelligence, computer science, general intelligence studies, security studies, political science, international relations, etc. 
Other technical security certifications or academic background, such as a graduate degree, are a plus.

Benefits Of Working At CrowdStrike

Remote-first culture
Market leader in compensation and equity awards
Competitive vacation and flexible working arrangements 
Comprehensive and inclusive health benefits
Physical and mental wellness programs
Paid parental leave, including adoption 
A variety of professional development and mentorship opportunities
Offices with stocked kitchens when you need to fuel innovation and collaboration

We are committed to fostering a culture of belonging where everyone feels seen, heard, valued for who they are and empowered to succeed. Our approach to cultivating a diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture is rooted in listening, learning and collective action. By embracing the diversity of our people, we achieve our best work and fuel innovation - generating the best possible outcomes for our customers and the communities they serve.

CrowdStrike is committed to maintaining an environment of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action. If you need reasonable accommodation to access the information provided on this website, please contact Recruiting@crowdstrike.com , for further assistance.

CrowdStrike participates in the E-Verify program.

Notice of E-Verify Participation

Right to Work

CrowdStrike, Inc. is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in the U.S. is $110,000 - $175,000 per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

CrowdStrike Canada ULC is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in Canada is $110,000 - $180,000 CAD per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

Expected Close Date of Job Posting is:02-11-2024
About the job
240001YR

 Vos missions au quotidien

À PROPOS DU POSTE :

Au sein de la Banque d’Affaires et d’Investissement de la Société Générale, la division Marchés Globaux regroupe la recherche, les solutions d’investissement et de gestion des risques, la négociation et règlement de transactions, les services de garde de valeur, pour les actions, obligations, contrats à terme, devises, commodités ainsi que capacités de structurations dans le but de fournir aux investisseurs une plate-forme globale à multiple classes d’actif. Notre activité repose non seulement sur une approche consultative axée sur l’innovation, mais également centrée sur les besoins des clients. La division des Marchés Globaux est un acteur majeur dans les produits dérivés listés et de gré-à-gré mais aussi à travers les différentes classes d’actif ainsi qu’en macro-économie. Notre offre de service en compensation et garde de valeur offre une combinaison unique en ce qui a trait au transactionnel des marchés, compensation des produits dérivés, gardien de valeur et services de financement.

Société Générale Index (SGI) platforme est en charge du design, de l’implémentation ainsi que de la maintenance des stratégies de trading systématiques pour la base des clients. Utilisant des techniques mathématiques et analytiques avancées, l’équipe développe des solutions adaptées aux opportunités d’investissement, ainsi que pour la couverture et gestion de portefeuille.

La plateforme SGI opère en Europe, en Asie ainsi qu’en Amérique, ou le mandat régional s’inscrit dans un écosystème global.

Quel sera votre quotidien ?

 Support de la production quotidienne du périmètre SGI AMER, qui comprend le calcul précis du niveau d’indices, les rapports automatises des clients ainsi que l’exécution des rebalancements.
 Adresser les différentes demandes et requêtes des traders, ingénieurs et vendeurs au sujet de l’inventaire sur les différentes classes d’actifs.
 Contribuer à l’amélioration continue des procédures SGI dans la perspective d’un set up opérationnel robuste.
 Implémenter des templates standards qui permettent de simplifier la création et maintenance de la création des indices, gérer un cycle de lancement soutenu et assurer une réponse compétitive quant aux délais de traitement.
 Développer et intégrer des métriques quantitatives et des contrôles au sein de l’écosystème SGI pour assurer une bonne gestion des workflows et des dépendances transverses.
 Améliorer et maintenir une base de documents centralisée de la plateforme SGI, les workflows, les contrôles, ainsi que les procédures.
 Engagement avec l’équipe technologie et les partenaires de données externes afin d’ingérer des données volumineuses, développer les procédures d’intégrité de la donnée, ceci dans un objectif de consommation quotidienne des modèles de calcul.
 Participer à l’implémentation d’outils centralises de gestion des risques, donnant des vues dédiées aux équipes d’ingénierie et trading pour améliorer la gestion de l’inventaire SGI.
 Collaborer avec les équipes de trading, d’ingénierie et de la vente pour effectuer les analyses de tendance, de performance, ainsi que de nouvelles solutions et design qui aideront à développer la franchise.
 Apprendre les fondations de la plateforme cross-asset SGI, naviguer les différents systèmes dans une approche de recherche et développement, d’innovation et d’implémentation de nouvelles solutions optimisées.

 Et si c’était vous ?

Compétences et qualifications :

Compétences techniques :

 Compétences quantitatives et analytiques avancées
 Habileté en programmation utilisant un langage orienté objet
 Maîtrise des mathématiques appliquées et de la modélisation
 Pratique de l'analyse quantitative avec la capacité de rechercher des problèmes et de les accompagner à travers des solutions établies

Compétences et qualifications :

 Solides compétences en communication et capacité à interagir avec des partenaires clés
 Bonnes compétences organisationnelles et en gestion de projet
 De préférence avec une expérience en stratégies de trading systématiques
 Motivé et capable de travailler en équipe ou seul si nécessaire
 À l'aise avec la complexité organisationnelle, les environnements à haute pression et les changements rapides
 Analytique / Quantitatif / Réactif et adaptatif
 Des compétences en science des données, en statistiques et en analyse de séries temporelles sont souhaitées

Expérience requise :

 3 ans d'expérience dans un poste similaire ou en analyse quantitative
 Forte expérience dans l'utilisation d'un environnement analytique

Éducation :

 Exigence minimale : maitrise en finance et mathématiques

Compétences linguistiques:

L'habilité de communiquer en anglais, tant à l'oral que par écrit, est une exigence puisque la personne occupant ce poste devra collaborer régulièrement avec des collègues et des partenaires situés aux États-Unis.

En raison de l"application de la loi fédérale américaine sur les valeurs mobilières à ce poste, les candidats qui postuleront à ce poste devront se soumettre à une vérification approfondie de leurs antécédents, y compris la collecte de leurs empreintes digitales par un fournisseur tiers sélectionné par la Financial Industry Regulatory Authority («FINRA»)

 Plus qu’un poste, un tremplin

NOS AVANTAGES :

CE QUE NOUS FAISONS DIFFÉREMMENT CHEZ SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE

Offre de rémunération et d’avantages concurrentiels, y compris, mais sans s’y limiter :

Minimum de 20 jours de vacances + 4 jours personnels 
Politique de soutien en matière de congé de maternité, de paternité, parental et d'adoption 
Comptes de dépenses de santé (2 000 $/an) et de dépenses personnelles (1 000 $/an) avec plus de 75 catégories de remboursement admissibles (santé, formation, électronique, etc.)
Assistance médicale virtuelle entièrement parrainée et programme d'aide aux employés pour vous et votre famille immédiate
Divers groupes de ressources pour les employés (GRE) avec lesquels communiquer, comme Pride and Allies, American Women Network, Black Leadership Network, One planet, etc. 
Une culture de développement continu en encourageant nos collaborateurs à différents programmes de formation (plateforme de formation et de coaching en ligne comme Coursera, GoFluent, Pluralsight, First Finance, etc.) 
 Pourquoi nous choisir ?

NOTRE CULTURE:

Chez Société Générale, nous vivons selon nos 4 valeurs fondamentales : engagement, responsabilité, esprit d'équipe et innovation. Nous sommes engagés et faisons preuve de considération pour les autres. Nous agissons de manière éthique et avec courage. Nous concentrons notre talent et notre énergie sur la réussite collective. Nous expérimentons et proposons de nouvelles idées. Ainsi, nous maximisons notre capacité à répondre aux besoins des clients et à anticiper les évolutions du marché. Société Générale s'engage à renforcer les liens avec ses collègues, les communautés et le monde dans lequel nous vivons, car les relations sont au cœur de notre fonctionnement.

Pour plus d'informations sur nos initiatives Culture et Conduite, veuillez consulter ce lien (https://americas.societegenerale.com/en/careers/get-know-culture/)

D&I:

Notre mission en matière de diversité et d'inclusion : Recruter, développer, faire progresser et retenir une main-d'œuvre diversifiée, unie dans nos efforts pour améliorer notre position concurrentielle et offrir des solutions innovantes à nos clients.

Notre vision de la diversité et de l'inclusion :

 Une main-d'œuvre engagée et diversifiée sur le plan démographique, à l'image des communautés dans lesquelles nous opérons.
 Une culture et un lieu de travail inclusifs qui reconnaissent les besoins uniques des employés et utilisent leurs divers talents.
 Engager notre communauté et notre marché, et positionner l'organisation pour répondre aux besoins de tous ses clients.

Pour plus d'informations sur nos initiatives D&I, veuillez consulter ce lien : https://americas.societegenerale.com/en/societe-generale-about/diversity-and-inclusion/

ENVIRONNEMENT DE TRAVAIL HYBRIDE:

Société Générale propose un régime de travail hybride qui offre aux employés la possibilité de travailler à distance, ainsi que sur place, afin de promouvoir l'interaction et la collaboration avec les collègues tout en adhérant à tous les protocoles standard de SG. Les modalités de travail hybride varient en fonction du secteur d'activité. Les secteurs d'activité concernés détermineront et communiqueront les modalités de travail qui répondent le mieux à leurs besoins.

Société Générale respecte l’équité en matière d'emploi, et nous sommes fiers de faire de la diversité une force pour notre entreprise. Nous nous engageons à reconnaître et à promouvoir les talents et les réalisations de nos employés et de notre personnel, indépendamment de leur race, de leur religion, de leur couleur de peau, de leur lieu d'origine, de leur sexe, de leur situation de handicap, de leur âge, de leur genre, de leur orientation sexuelle et de toute autre caractéristique ou statut protégé par la législation en vigueur. Nous nous efforçons de rédiger nos affichages de la manière la plus inclusive possible. Si toutefois l'un des deux genres est utilisé seul dans cet affichage, il désigne les personnes de toutes les identités de genre.
About the job
As the largest operating company in the integrated TransLink enterprise, Coast Mountain Bus Company (CMBC) operates a fleet of clean-fuel conventional and community shuttle buses, zero-emission trolley buses, and passenger ferry SeaBuses in Metro Vancouver, the largest single transit service area in Canada.

At CMBC, one of BC’s Top Employers, we're committed to providing an innovative, healthy, and engaging workforce. This is reflected in our workforce of over 5,500 employees performing over 400 unique jobs, who are committed and empowered to deliver service that attracts nearly 1.1 million passengers daily and connects people, businesses, and communities in the Metro Vancouver region.

We have the important job of helping our passengers get to work, appointments, visiting with family and friends, and back again every day. Metro Vancouver relies on us, and we take that as a point of pride.

Responsibilities
PRIMARY PURPOSE
Represents the Asset Management Team in facilitating technical support and expertise in Enterprise Asset Management (EAM) applications and data analysis as it applies to Infrastructure Maintenance assets.

Work with departments to identify requirements, gather information, propose, and implement new procedures, applications, enhancements, system configuration changes, and liaise with BTS to ensure standards and procedures comply within company policy. 

Coordinates with external support teams to ensure Asset Management and EAM organizational systems are functioning in accordance with business needs and requirements. 

Provides guidance, expertise, and recommendations to various asset management stakeholders in CMBC and TransLink on various reporting systems, analytical tools, processes, and requirements to ensure information availability, quality, integrity, and reliability is maintained. 

Conducts complex analysis, forecasting, reporting and documentation to improve effectiveness and to support continuous improvement of the Enterprise Asset Management systems for the division. 

Provides training to various stakeholders on EAM reporting systems, analytical tools, processes, and requirements. 

Participating in the conceptual workshops and providing technical insights for upgrading and advancement of Enterprise Asset Management Systems directly affecting the betterment of future versions.

ILLUSTRATIVE EXAMPLES OF ACCOUNTABILITY
Provides technical and business guidance to business representatives and subject matter experts regarding the development and implementation of asset management process refinements, including repair versus replace decision models and related requirements for organization’s Infrastructure records and master data updates and corrections (EAM).

Identifies, locates, documents, records, and verifies all CMBC received asset data. Consult on data received from capital projects to confirm the compliance of the CMBC asset attributes and the asset naming convention according to defined asset data acquisition plans, processes, and safety standards.

Evaluating and understanding asset data requirement, conditions, and identification, including data sources, specifications, and safety standards.

Using data acquisition templates and data collection equipment such as handheld mobile devices to collect asset data.

Implementing submittal and transmittal process for asset management drawings and records to ensure all new documents and current versions of records from a closed out and completed projects are received and updated in both EAM and GIS (Geographic Information System) systems.

Documenting asset data into Asset Management tools and software.

Conducting site visits and stakeholder meetings.

Compiling and reviewing records and CAD drawings from various sources.

Ensuring asset data and drawings accurately reflect asset configuration and/or site condition.

Ensuring configuration management is being practiced; and

Supporting in updating and maintaining CAD drawings, maps, reports, and other Asset Management outputs as required.

Maintains asset data and maintenance data, and ensures data accuracy and integrity by:

Reviewing all asset data and CAD drawings received and collected from various resources to ensure data currency and integrity by implementing document control best practices.

Maintaining and updating asset and maintenance data in both Infrastructure EAM and GIS databases by checking information accuracy, currency/version control, and integrity of asset data and CAD drawings are properly reflected.

Conducting site visits and working closely with stakeholders and team members to verify the data currency and accuracy.

Ensuring conformance to Asset Management standards and system design.

Providing support in maintenance of infrastructure asset data including procedures and manuals, work instructions, checklists, failure codes, star charts, etc., by ensuring regular updates to reflect changes and improvements.

Maintaining infrastructure asset data including individual records and attributes, hierarchies, categories, sub-components, condition, bill of materials, etc.; and

Maintaining defined safety information such as hazards, or personal protective equipment required for specific maintenance activities.

Maintaining and analyzing infrastructure asset maintenance drawings and records to develop, revise and maintain Capital Improvement and Maintenance Programs.

Attending to and collaborating with the GIS and EAM Technical group on regular or project meetings to ensure information on jurisdictional and responsibility maps are correctly reflected.

Supports the Asset Management department to develop asset acquisition plans and templates, priorities, and processes by:

Creating asset data acquisition status reports.

Liaising with other departments and external suppliers to determine requirements needed to create, test, and implement operational and statistical reports using various tools and enterprise asset management systems.

Providing expertise in the development, review and improvement of various standards related to infrastructure system assets.

Providing guidance and advice to CMBC enterprise asset management system users to ensure information availability, quality, integrity, and reliability is maintained.

Developing, reviewing, and updating asset management system processes, procedures, documentation, guidelines, and manuals, ensuring accuracy, current, and easily accessible to the Asset management team, to increase retention of processes within Maintenance division.

Providing feedback based on experience gained while utilizing the templates and following the processes.

Providing regular status reports, feedback, and recommendations to the Assistant Manager.

Delivering comprehensive training to student co-ops or other members of the Asset Management team as needed, coupled with regular opportunities for job shadowing.

Qualifications
EDUCATION
The requirements of the job are typically acquired through a post-secondary diploma in a discipline related to Civil, Mechanical or Electrical Engineering, or Computer Science.

EXPERIENCE
Up to three (3) years of hands-on experience in an industrial/utility or transportation environment with diverse and specialized infrastructure assets and systems; including experience coordinating and conducting the identification, cataloguing, geo-locating and maintenance of assets and configurations within a regulated environment; including the time on the job to become familiar with the company’s asset management procedures, standards, and safety requirement. Valid Class 5 BC Driver’s License required.

Other Information
Recruitment Process: An applicant will be required to demonstrate their suitability for this position by meeting the minimum level of qualifications and experience in order to be invited into the selection process. A standard interview format will be used including general, scenario and behavioural descriptive interview questions.

Work Schedule
37.5 hours per week.

Work Designation
Hybrid
 This position offers the flexibility of working both on-site and remotely within B.C. 

Rate of Pay
Salary $5,460 - $6,557 per month (Actual salary offered will be commensurate with education, experience and internal parity).

The Total Compensation Package includes Extended Health, Dental, Transit Pass and enrollment in the Public Service Pension Plan. Focus on your development through tuition reimbursement, training, and mentorship programs. Enjoy a variety of health and wellness programs, including access to gym facilities. Speak to us to know more about what we offer.

How to Apply
Please click the 'Apply' button at the top right corner or go to https://www.translink.ca/About-Us/Careers.aspx to apply for this position and view instructions on the process.
 INSTRUCTIONS: Please save your (1) cover letter, and your (2) resume as one pdf document prior to uploading your application on-line.
 Posting Date: January 10, 2024
Closing Date: Open until filled
 Please note that only those short listed will be contacted.
 Having trouble applying? Please view the System Requirements & FAQ's by going to http://www.translink.ca/careers.

Equal Employment Opportunity
Coast Mountain Bus Company is committed to employment equity and building a diverse workforce, representative of the customers we serve and the many communities in the Metro Vancouver region. We welcome and encourage Indigenous applicants, people of colour, all genders, 2SLGBTQ+ and persons with disabilities to apply. Learn more about TransLink's commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion.

Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. For a confidential inquiry, simply email us at jobs@coastmountainbus.com
About the job
#WeAreCrowdStrike and our mission is to stop breaches. As a global leader in cybersecurity, our team changed the game. Since our inception, our market leading cloud-native platform has offered unparalleled protection against the most sophisticated cyberattacks. We’re looking for people with limitless passion, a relentless focus on innovation and a fanatical commitment to the customer to join us in shaping the future of cybersecurity. Consistently recognized as a top workplace, CrowdStrike is committed to cultivating an inclusive, remote-first culture that offers people the autonomy and flexibility to balance the needs of work and life while taking their career to the next level. Interested in working for a company that sets the standard and leads with integrity? Join us on a mission that matters - one team, one fight.

About The Role

CrowdStrike Intelligence, a core component of CrowdStrike Counter Adversary Operations, is seeking a Senior Intelligence Analyst for its Global Threat Analysis Cell (GTAC) to focus on targeted intrusion activity related to China-nexus adversaries. This position will be primarily focused on tracking known adversaries and other cyber operations believed to emanate from China, as well as identifying and tracking trends associated with these operations. The Senior Intelligence Analyst will be required to research and report on cyber operations at both the strategic and tactical level as part of a close-knit team where collaboration is a critical driver for mission success. This position is instrumental in providing unique insight into adversary operations through finished Intelligence products used by CrowdStrike customers and stakeholders.

What You'll Do

Proactively identify and track targeted intrusion cyber threats, trends, and new developments by China-nexus adversaries through analysis of raw intelligence and data 
Apply analytic best practices and tradecraft to gathered intelligence in a consistent manner
Provide finished intelligence analysis and assessments to internal and external customers through written reporting, in varying predetermined suspense and depth, with minimal supervision
Collaborate across teams to inform various functions within CrowdStrike Intelligence about activity of interest and to coordinate adversary/campaign tracking, as well as enrich finished intelligence products
Identify intelligence gaps and submit requests for information to fill gaps
Provide peer review of proposed/draft reporting and analytic uplift to team members 
Prioritize, categorize, and respond to requests for information from internal and external customers
Conduct briefings as needed for a variety of levels of customers as requested (via either phone, video conference, webcast, in-person briefing, or industry conference)

What You'll Need

Motivated self-starter with 5+ years’ experience in a threat intelligence and cybersecurity environment, with a focus on state-nexus cyber operations
Comprehensive, practical knowledge of research/collection tradecraft and analytical methods—to include intrusion analysis
Strong analytic writing skills, particularly the ability to produce quality finished intelligence products on short deadlines as well as continuing to maintain analysis for, and report on, long-term strategic assessments with minimal assistance
Familiarity with computer networking fundamentals, computer network defense (CND) operations, host-based forensics and network traffic monitoring
Ability to independently identify and track adversary tradecraft trends 
Understanding of technical terminology, tools, and tactics employed by threat actors
An enthusiasm for collaboration, including being comfortable working in a team-oriented environment as well as across multiple teams to leverage subject matter expertise of colleagues
Passionate about taking the initiative to identify and develop new visibility into adversary operations
Ability or willingness to learn to conduct technical analysis of the tools and tradecraft used by threat actors
Knowledge of geopolitical issues and ability to use that information to support understanding of current and future impacts on the cyber threat landscape
Undergraduate degree, military training or relevant experience in cyber intelligence, computer science, general intelligence studies, security studies, political science, international relations, etc. 
Other technical security certifications or academic background, such as a graduate degree, are a plus.

Benefits Of Working At CrowdStrike

Remote-first culture
Market leader in compensation and equity awards
Competitive vacation and flexible working arrangements 
Comprehensive and inclusive health benefits
Physical and mental wellness programs
Paid parental leave, including adoption 
A variety of professional development and mentorship opportunities
Offices with stocked kitchens when you need to fuel innovation and collaboration

We are committed to fostering a culture of belonging where everyone feels seen, heard, valued for who they are and empowered to succeed. Our approach to cultivating a diverse, equitable, and inclusive culture is rooted in listening, learning and collective action. By embracing the diversity of our people, we achieve our best work and fuel innovation - generating the best possible outcomes for our customers and the communities they serve.

CrowdStrike is committed to maintaining an environment of Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action. If you need reasonable accommodation to access the information provided on this website, please contact Recruiting@crowdstrike.com , for further assistance.

CrowdStrike participates in the E-Verify program.

Notice of E-Verify Participation

Right to Work

CrowdStrike, Inc. is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in the U.S. is $110,000 - $175,000 per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

CrowdStrike Canada ULC is committed to fair and equitable compensation practices. The base salary range for this position in Canada is $110,000 - $180,000 CAD per year + variable/incentive compensation + equity + benefits. A candidate’s salary is determined by various factors including, but not limited to, relevant work experience, skills, certifications and location.

Expected Close Date of Job Posting is:02-11-2024
About the job
About Agoda

Agoda is an online travel booking platform for accommodations, flights, and more. We build and deploy cutting-edge technology that connects travelers with more than 3.6 million accommodations globally. Based in Asia and part of Booking Holdings, our 6,000+ employees representing 90+ nationalities foster a work environment rich in diversity, creativity, and collaboration. We innovate through a culture of experimentation and ownership, enhancing the ability for our customers to experience the world.

 Get to Know our  Team: 

The Performance Marketing Team of Agoda is a world leader in online marketing. This department is highly data-driven and focused on developing at-scale marketing programs that improve the lifetime value of Agoda customers through measurable marketing programs and channels. The team is a blend of the best analysts, marketing strategists, and data scientists in the world. The marketing leadership at Agoda have deep experience in data science, product, strategy, and other marketing fields and have built an organization that thrives on data, creative ideas, and technology. The Performance Marketing Team also fosters a great learning environment. You will be able to learn and grow by working closely with experts from a variety of backgrounds from all over the world.

 In this role, you’ll get  to: 

Take ownership of analytical projects end to end from extracting and exploring data, generating hypothesis, building a structured analysis, and rigorously evaluating methods and results
Provide analytical and valuable insights for decision-making support for key projects and management
Work closely with various business functions to identify opportunities, analyze, and interpret trends or patterns in complex data sets using different techniques and tools such as R studio or Tableau
Communicate findings and propose actionable recommendations to address the problems

 What you’ll need to  succeed: 

Bachelor Degree in Computer Science/Statistics/Math or Engineering or Economics and Finance
5+ years in Data Analyst position or otherwise in projects involving big data
People management and strong commercial acumen 
Proficient in business intelligence tools and data warehouse i.e. SQL, Tableau and MS Excel
Must be data savvy and love crunching numbers
Strong analytical and statistical analysis skills in order to extract insights and recommendations
Fluent in English with strong communication skills (both written and verbal)

 It’s great if you  have: 

Experience in R studio, data modeling, hypothesis testing is a plus #STRA#ANLS#MRKT#3 #Bengaluru #SãoPaulo #Delhi #NewYorkCity #Nigeria #London #Hyderabad #Pune #Mumbai #Colombia #Paris #Jakarta #Chennai #SanFrancisco #WashingtonDC #Toronto #Pakistan #LosAngeles #Dallas #Chicago #Kenya #Boston #Shanghai #Egypt #BuenosAires #Manila #Netherlands #Singapore #RiodeJaneiro #Beijing #Atlanta #Sydney #Madrid #Vietnam #SaudiArabia #Peru #Melbourne #Ireland #Russia #Bangladesh #MexicoCity #Philadelphia #Chile #SeattleArea #Noida #Kolkata #Guangdong #UnitedArabEmirates #TelAvivDistrict #Houston #KualaLumpur #BeloHorizonte #SouthKorea #Bangkok #Istanbul #Austin #Curitiba #Warsaw #Campinas #Barcelona #Ukraine #CostaRica #Berlin #Romania #Denver #Johannesburg #Minneapolis #Manchester #Miami #MexicoCity #Phoenix #Detroit #Coimbatore #Milan #PortoAlegre #Vancouver #Montreal #Charlotte #SanDiego #Ghana #SaltLakeCity #Raleigh #HongKong #Fortaleza #Munich #Prague #Ecuador #TampaBay #Tokyo #Serbia #Taipei #Cracow #Zhejiang #CapeTown #Brasilia #Columbus data representation data analysis SQL data analytics analytics python (programming language) data mining data science r (programming language) tableau analytical skills data visualization databases business analysis business intelligence (bi) microsoft sql server machine learning statistics microsoft power bi java 

Equal Opportunity Employer 

At Agoda, we pride ourselves on being a company represented by people of all different backgrounds and orientations. We prioritize attracting diverse talent and cultivating an inclusive environment that encourages collaboration and innovation. Employment at Agoda is based solely on a person’s merit and qualifications. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity regardless of sex, age, race, color, national origin, religion, marital status, pregnancy, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, citizenship, veteran or military status, and other legally protected characteristics.

We will keep your application on file so that we can consider you for future vacancies and you can always ask to have your details removed from the file. For more details please read our privacy policy .

To all recruitment agencies: Agoda does not accept third party resumes. Please do not send resumes to our jobs alias, Agoda employees or any other organization location. Agoda is not responsible for any fees related to unsolicited resumes.
About the job
240001YV

 Vos missions au quotidien

À PROPOS DU POSTE :

Au sein de la Banque d’Affaires et d’Investissement de la Société Générale, la division Marchés Globaux regroupe la recherche, les solutions d’investissement et de gestion des risques, la négociation et règlement de transactions, les services de garde de valeur, pour les actions, obligations, contrats à terme, devises, commodités ainsi que capacités de structurations dans le but de fournir aux investisseurs une plate-forme globale à multiple classes d’actif. Notre activité repose non seulement sur une approche consultative axée sur l’innovation, mais également centrée sur les besoins des clients. La division des Marchés Globaux est un acteur majeur dans les produits dérivés listés et de gré-à-gré mais aussi à travers les différentes classes d’actif ainsi qu’en macro-économie. Notre offre de service en compensation et garde de valeur offre une combinaison unique en ce qui a trait au transactionnel des marchés, compensation des produits dérivés, gardien de valeur et services de financement.

Société Générale Index (SGI) platforme est en charge du design, de l’implémentation ainsi que de la maintenance des stratégies de trading systématiques pour la base des clients. Utilisant des techniques mathématiques et analytiques avancées, l’équipe développe des solutions adaptées aux opportunités d’investissement, ainsi que pour la couverture et gestion de portefeuille.

La plateforme SGI opère en Europe, en Asie ainsi qu’en Amérique, ou le mandat régional s’inscrit dans un écosystème global.

Quel sera votre quotidien ?

 Support de la production quotidienne du périmètre SGI AMER, qui comprend le calcul précis du niveau d’indices, les rapports automatises des clients ainsi que l’exécution des rebalancements.
 Adresser les différentes demandes et requêtes des traders, ingénieurs et vendeurs au sujet de l’inventaire sur les différentes classes d’actifs.
 Contribuer à l’amélioration continue des procédures SGI dans la perspective d’un set up opérationnel robuste.
 Implémenter des templates standards qui permettent de simplifier la création et maintenance de la création des indices, gérer un cycle de lancement soutenu et assurer une réponse compétitive quant aux délais de traitement.
 Développer et intégrer des métriques quantitatives et des contrôles au sein de l’écosystème SGI pour assurer une bonne gestion des workflows et des dépendances transverses.
 Améliorer et maintenir une base de documents centralisée de la plateforme SGI, les workflows, les contrôles, ainsi que les procédures.
 Engagement avec l’équipe technologie et les partenaires de données externes afin d’ingérer des données volumineuses, développer les procédures d’intégrité de la donnée, ceci dans un objectif de consommation quotidienne des modèles de calcul.
 Participer à l’implémentation d’outils centralises de gestion des risques, donnant des vues dédiées aux équipes d’ingénierie et trading pour améliorer la gestion de l’inventaire SGI.
 Collaborer avec les équipes de trading, d’ingénierie et de la vente pour effectuer les analyses de tendance, de performance, ainsi que de nouvelles solutions et design qui aideront à développer la franchise.
 Apprendre les fondations de la plateforme cross-asset SGI, naviguer les différents systèmes dans une approche de recherche et développement, d’innovation et d’implémentation de nouvelles solutions optimisées.

 Et si c’était vous ?

Compétences et qualifications :

Compétences techniques :

 Compétences quantitatives et analytiques avancées
 Habileté en programmation utilisant un langage orienté objet
 Maîtrise des mathématiques appliquées et de la modélisation
 Pratique de l'analyse quantitative avec la capacité de rechercher des problèmes et de les accompagner à travers des solutions établies

Compétences et qualifications :

 Solides compétences en communication et capacité à interagir avec des partenaires clés
 Bonnes compétences organisationnelles et en gestion de projet
 De préférence avec une expérience en stratégies de trading systématiques
 Motivé et capable de travailler en équipe ou seul si nécessaire
 À l'aise avec la complexité organisationnelle, les environnements à haute pression et les changements rapides
 Analytique / Quantitatif / Réactif et adaptatif
 Des compétences en science des données, en statistiques et en analyse de séries temporelles sont souhaitées

Expérience requise :

 5 à 8 ans d'expérience dans un poste similaire ou en analyse quantitative
 Forte expérience dans l'utilisation d'un environnement analytique

Éducation :

 Exigence minimale : maitrise en finance et mathématiques

Compétences linguistiques:

L'habilité de communiquer en anglais, tant à l'oral que par écrit, est une exigence puisque la personne occupant ce poste devra collaborer régulièrement avec des collègues et des partenaires situés aux États-Unis.

En raison de l"application de la loi fédérale américaine sur les valeurs mobilières à ce poste, les candidats qui postuleront à ce poste devront se soumettre à une vérification approfondie de leurs antécédents, y compris la collecte de leurs empreintes digitales par un fournisseur tiers sélectionné par la Financial Industry Regulatory Authority («FINRA»)

 Plus qu’un poste, un tremplin

NOS AVANTAGES :

CE QUE NOUS FAISONS DIFFÉREMMENT CHEZ SOCIÉTÉ GÉNÉRALE

Offre de rémunération et d’avantages concurrentiels, y compris, mais sans s’y limiter :

Minimum de 20 jours de vacances + 4 jours personnels 
Politique de soutien en matière de congé de maternité, de paternité, parental et d'adoption 
Comptes de dépenses de santé (2 000 $/an) et de dépenses personnelles (1 000 $/an) avec plus de 75 catégories de remboursement admissibles (santé, formation, électronique, etc.)
Assistance médicale virtuelle entièrement parrainée et programme d'aide aux employés pour vous et votre famille immédiate
Divers groupes de ressources pour les employés (GRE) avec lesquels communiquer, comme Pride and Allies, American Women Network, Black Leadership Network, One planet, etc. 
Une culture de développement continu en encourageant nos collaborateurs à différents programmes de formation (plateforme de formation et de coaching en ligne comme Coursera, GoFluent, Pluralsight, First Finance, etc.) 
 Pourquoi nous choisir ?

NOTRE CULTURE:

Chez Société Générale, nous vivons selon nos 4 valeurs fondamentales : engagement, responsabilité, esprit d'équipe et innovation. Nous sommes engagés et faisons preuve de considération pour les autres. Nous agissons de manière éthique et avec courage. Nous concentrons notre talent et notre énergie sur la réussite collective. Nous expérimentons et proposons de nouvelles idées. Ainsi, nous maximisons notre capacité à répondre aux besoins des clients et à anticiper les évolutions du marché. Société Générale s'engage à renforcer les liens avec ses collègues, les communautés et le monde dans lequel nous vivons, car les relations sont au cœur de notre fonctionnement.

Pour plus d'informations sur nos initiatives Culture et Conduite, veuillez consulter ce lien (https://americas.societegenerale.com/en/careers/get-know-culture/)

D&I:

Notre mission en matière de diversité et d'inclusion : Recruter, développer, faire progresser et retenir une main-d'œuvre diversifiée, unie dans nos efforts pour améliorer notre position concurrentielle et offrir des solutions innovantes à nos clients.

Notre vision de la diversité et de l'inclusion :

 Une main-d'œuvre engagée et diversifiée sur le plan démographique, à l'image des communautés dans lesquelles nous opérons.
 Une culture et un lieu de travail inclusifs qui reconnaissent les besoins uniques des employés et utilisent leurs divers talents.
 Engager notre communauté et notre marché, et positionner l'organisation pour répondre aux besoins de tous ses clients.

Pour plus d'informations sur nos initiatives D&I, veuillez consulter ce lien : https://americas.societegenerale.com/en/societe-generale-about/diversity-and-inclusion/

ENVIRONNEMENT DE TRAVAIL HYBRIDE:

Société Générale propose un régime de travail hybride qui offre aux employés la possibilité de travailler à distance, ainsi que sur place, afin de promouvoir l'interaction et la collaboration avec les collègues tout en adhérant à tous les protocoles standard de SG. Les modalités de travail hybride varient en fonction du secteur d'activité. Les secteurs d'activité concernés détermineront et communiqueront les modalités de travail qui répondent le mieux à leurs besoins.

Société Générale respecte l’équité en matière d'emploi, et nous sommes fiers de faire de la diversité une force pour notre entreprise. Nous nous engageons à reconnaître et à promouvoir les talents et les réalisations de nos employés et de notre personnel, indépendamment de leur race, de leur religion, de leur couleur de peau, de leur lieu d'origine, de leur sexe, de leur situation de handicap, de leur âge, de leur genre, de leur orientation sexuelle et de toute autre caractéristique ou statut protégé par la législation en vigueur. Nous nous efforçons de rédiger nos affichages de la manière la plus inclusive possible. Si toutefois l'un des deux genres est utilisé seul dans cet affichage, il désigne les personnes de toutes les identités de genre.
About the job
Inspirantes, ingénieuses, animées de l’esprit d’entreprise : voilà ce qui décrit bien nos équipes d’exception. Donnez une vocation à votre passion en rejoignant une culture qui s’épanouit face au changement.

Faites votre marque au sein du Groupe des normes professionnelles en certification - Conception des méthodes de certification à titre de directeur(trice). Cette équipe diversifiée de professionnels mise sur son expertise technique et sectorielle pour contribuer, à l’interne, au succès de notre pratique de certification et de comptabilité. En tant que conseiller de confiance, vous jouerez un rôle influent en matière de nouvelles tendances et de changements pour vous assurer que nos membres répondent aux normes les plus rigoureuses du secteur.

Notre identité canadienne est pour nous une source de fierté. Nous sommes un cabinet de comptabilité, de fiscalité et de services-conseils de premier plan au Canada qui propose des stratégies et des solutions aux entreprises. Entrepreneurs dans l’âme, les membres talentueux de notre équipe voient les obstacles comme des occasions de se dépasser et transforment les façons de faire sur le marché des petites et moyennes entreprises.

Responsabilités

Promouvoir l’importance du contrôle de la qualité auprès des associés, des directeurs et des autres membres du cabinet et jouer un rôle central dans les initiatives du cabinet visant la qualité.
Appuyer la conception et la mise à jour des politiques et des lignes directrices encadrant les missions du cabinet de même que ses protocoles de comptabilité et d’audit.
Se tenir au courant des changements dans la profession en effectuant des recherches et en prenant part à des activités et à des séances de formation organisées dans le secteur.
Contribuer à la conception et faciliter la mise en œuvre des formations en certification dans le cadre des programmes de perfectionnement interne exhaustifs de MNP.
Entretenir des liens et des échanges professionnels avec les équipes de certification et de comptabilité du cabinet et avec ses équipes de direction.
Acquérir une solide compréhension des services de MNP ainsi que des entreprises et des secteurs servis par le cabinet.
Prendre part à l’élaboration de nouvelles idées et méthodes pour améliorer les procédures de travail.
Optimiser les effectifs afin qu’un travail complet et exact soit livré dans le respect des échéances.
Fournir un mentorat aux membres de l’équipe, les motiver et les encadrer pour qu’ils puissent se perfectionner et s’épanouir grâce à des objectifs clairs, à une rétroaction régulière et à une résolution rapide des problèmes de rendement, en plus de procéder aux évaluations de rendement.
Être disposé à se déplacer, au besoin.


Compétences et expérience 

Minimum de deux ans d'expérience à titre de comptable principal(e) dans le service de certification d’un des sept grands cabinets comptables et expérience antérieure en certification
Expérience de la conception et la mise en œuvre de procédures d’audit fondées sur le risque et le caractère significatif
Capacité de communiquer et d'écrire en Français et en anglais 
Connaissance des
Contrôles internes et de leur application
Diverses normes comptables (p. ex., NCECF, NCOSBL, NCSP)
Interprétation et application des normes de certification (p. ex., NCA et/ou ISA)
Compétences en rédaction technique et en gestion de projets; compréhension des principes commerciaux, de gestion et d’expansion des affaires s’appliquant à un cabinet

MesAvantages@MNP 

Offrant un potentiel de revenus élevés, MNP est fier de proposer des avantages taillés sur mesure qui sont à l’image de notre culture d’exception et qui favorisent un mode de vie équilibré, le tout pour aider ses membres à s’épanouir, tant au bureau que dans leur vie personnelle. Vous profiterez d’un salaire de base généreux, de vacances, de quatre congés personnels payés par année, d’un régime collectif de retraite avec cotisations égalées à 4 %, de produits d’épargne volontaire, de programmes de primes, d’avantages sociaux à la carte, de ressources en santé mentale, d’un accès exclusif à des rabais et à des avantages indirects, d’une aide au perfectionnement professionnel, de cours offerts à l’interne par l’intermédiaire de MNP University, d’un code vestimentaire adapté à vos tâches, d’activités sociales organisées par le cabinet, et plus encore!

Diversité@MNP

Chez MNP, la diversité est l’une de nos valeurs de base et nous célébrons nos différences. Nous croyons que chaque membre de notre cabinet apporte ses talents uniques et que la mise en valeur de son potentiel nous rend collectivement plus forts. Nous encourageons les personnes vivant avec un handicap à poser leur candidature.

#Méthodologie #Hybride
